---
layout: writing
title: Beagles! - Chapter 9
categories:
- stories
- beagles
comments: true
---

"Oof!" I was hanging out by my back paws from the edge of a sharp drop in one of the shafts. "Not this way, Flo. It drops down, too," I said with a huff. "Shoot!" Florence said sharply. "Are you sure we can't just drop down it?" She said.
	"We'd make a lot of noise."
	"Like we aren't already!" 
	"I mean, really noticeable noise. This thing is already pretty noisy already."
	"Oh, I'm sure voices coming from the pipes won't worry or concern anybody."
	"Why do you think I'm whispering?! Also, these shafts don't seem very strong. If I jumped down there, I could break one of them and accidentally fall through..."
	"Oh, that's right. You're fat, too."
	"Thanks, Flo."
	"Hahaha!" Flo giggled. "I'm joking Snoopy, you're right. Let's try and go down the other path we saw." I turned around in the awkwardly tight space and followed behind Flo, her poofy white tail "floof"-ing me in the face more than a few times. "Watch it, Flo!" "Haha!" 
	The shafts were dank and dusty, the smell of stale and recycled air passing through and at times blowing roughly in our faces. These hadn't been cleaned out in what seemed like years, although I don't really know if they were supposed to or not. The weak metal creaked under my paws, and my untrimmed nails scratched against the metal floor below me with unnerving loudness. I felt like the complete opposite of some super-stealth sneak-around master. 
	Florence, on the other hand, was her typical ghostly self. I was positively sure there was something magical or at least unnatural about her movements. She was almost entirely soundless, her paws bouncing noiseless off the shafts beneath her feet. She still sort of glided through the shafts, despite the fact that she was (seemingly) uncomfortably hunched over inside of the shafts. She had to almost walk on her belly with her knees bent, and yet she could still shimmy through the shafts with more grace and speed than I could standing up with an inch or two to spare. That said, the same magic couldn't be said about her snowy-white coat, which was now covered in dirt, coloring her a light brown over most of her body and a sort of a bunch of darker brown spots all over in random spots. Almost like a dalmatian.
	I snickered at the idea, and Florence was intrigued. "What are you giggling about back there?" She said with quipping suspicion. I was startled by the fact that she actually heard me. "Um, well-" "Nevermind!" She suddenly hissed in a hushed voice. "Look!" 
	It had been remarkably dark in the shafts in a few spots, but fans and escapes on the outside of the house let in some of the light from the streetlights outside. So we were both intrigued by the bright light that suddenly flooded in from around the corner that we were approaching. "Look at that!" Flo said. "This window in the shaft is pointing inside the house. It must be, unless it's already daytime!" "Let's check it out," I said. Now I felt excited! 
	We crawled as slowly and quietly as we could towards the corner, and Flo peered around. "I'll go check around first," Florence said. I nodded. She shimmied around the corner, twisting her body around the rather sharp curve and disappearing around the corner. I waited for a moment, and then I heard a "psst!" as she called me around. I pattered around the corner with equal stealthy intentions, and when I came around the corner, I was greeted with a burst of flooding sunlight.
	I squeezed my eyes shut for a minute, and when my vision returned to me, I looked down to see a room not unlike the one that I was in when the llama attacked me. This one, however, was far nicer. Paintings covered each wall, giving a multi-textured and very colored appeal to the room in general. It seemed to overflow with wondrous images of faraway places and mysterious people. What went on in this room? 
	I only needed to look into it's center to find out. A much wider, longer table separated a group of animals and two others. It was really more like a desk. On one side of the desk was a group of prairie dogs (12 of them, to be exact) and on the other, a rabbit and a very, very large cat. I shivered: it was easily the biggest feline I had ever encountered. The people in the room were all entirely silent. Only a melancholy scratching sound jumped out from the otherwise stoically silent room. The silence almost made me feel more endangered, and with good reason: the cat was searching around with curious attention to some sounds he wondered he had heard. Florence noticed, too. We glanced at each other; I was sure I had some form of expression that showed panic, where Flo only showed a sort of nervous excitement. Little seemed to worry her.
	Flo was right: that scratching sound was from the people in the room writing on papers. The silence was mysterious. I suddenly jumped when one of the children amongst the group of prairie dogs spoke up with impatience. "Are we DONE yet?" He wined. His mother shushed him. "Thomas, we must not say a word! This is very secretive business," She whispered. The rabbit had stopped to make sure that the family had appropriately shushed their children. When he seemed satisfied, he continued the writing. 
	With a click, he picked up his pen and held it out to the tallest prairie dog of the bunch, who I guessed to be the father. The elder dog looked at it with a bit of confusion, and then held up his hands. "I-I-" he began to say, but the rabbit held up a paw, and then a pad. He motioned for the father to press his paw on the pad. The father, flustered, quickly did as he was told, and then the rabbit motioned for him to press his paw on the line, which he obeyed. The pad was clicked shut, and the rabbit held up 12 small stubs of hard paper. The father hesitantly held out his hand, and the rabbit shook his hand, first holding out his own hand. The father, quickly understanding, laid 12 green pieces of paper. The rabbit scooped them up and exchanged them for his pieces of paper. It was all very swift, and very strange.
	Not a moment later, the rabbit motioned with his paw that the family was to leave the room now. The cat walked to the door, stepped on a pedal, and the door swung open. The family quickly, quietly went out the door, and the cat went out behind them, shutting the door.
	The rabbit stretched his feet and stood up from the table. I watched as he walked from his desk and strolled over with the papers, slipping them into a box through some sort of cut in the top of it. "That settles that," he mumbled to himself. We watched as he turned and kicked a stone next to the fireplace, and a sharp sliding sound mixed with an abrasive scratching tore through the silence. It wasn't necessarily loud, but it was very prominently shrill in the uncomfortable silence. The rabbit hopped out of the room, and I waited to hear the mysterious door close. To my surprise, it didn't make a sound. 
	Florence looked over at me with excited eyes. "Did you hear that?" I looked back at her. "Hear what?" I replied. "That's it! Nothing. That door didn't close. We should go after that rabbit and see where it leads!" I nodded. "Might as well, we're knee deep in this anyway." I stood and shook myself. "How are we going to get down?" I asked. As soon as the question left my lips, I knew what we were going to have to do. Florence looked back at me with an excited grin. 
		Before I knew it, I was readying myself to launch into the grate and go flying into the room. "Ready?" Florence said. "Ready," I replied. I shook my rump and prepared to launch. "One," Florence said. "Two..." I tightened my limbs, ready to launch... 
		And then the door clicked open. "WAIT! WAIT WAIT WAIT!" Florence hissed, and I rolled over out of the view of the grate. We sat in the vent in dead silence. The door had stopped moving. I was sure that the cat was peering around the room. I was sure he had heard us. Did I dare to look out and see what he was doing? No, I couldn't. What if he saw us? Shoot. Shoot, shoot, shoot. I didn't know what else to do but wait.
		Florence, on the other hand, looked at me and nodded towards the grate. "I'm gonna go take a look," she mouthed. I shook my head furiously. "No, no, no!" I silently shouted back. Florence rolled her eyes and slowly scooted towards the opening, laying on her side. She inched closer and closer, awkwardly twisting her face to peer out of the grate. I held my breath as the light from the room began to seep across her face...
		She pulled her head back into the shadows with a tiny gasp. "Oh my gosh, oh my gosh, I think he saw me!" She mouthed back nervously. "What!?" I gasped angrily. "Shh! He might hear us!" She said back with a huff. I nodded and held my breath again. The room was remarkably silent, and then I heard footsteps softly clump against the carpet. The door creaked open just a little more, and I heard the steps move towards us, closer and closer. Had he seen us? I tensed my muscles, my nose alert for the first sense of hostility that emanated from the could-be assailant. If I had to fight, I was ready.
		The cat marched forward even closer, his pace never slowing nor speeding up. He was listening. I tried my hardest not to make a single sound. My heart be incredibly loudly, I was sure that it was echoing through the shafts and into the room. My ears were extremely alert, and I could hear Flo's short, tight breaths. I didn't dare move to tell her otherwise. 
		The room began deadly silent, and once again, the cat stopped moving. Should I look into the grate and check to see where he was? Should I-
		With a sharp thwump, I heard the cat leap into the air, and a split second later, he crashed with his paws onto the grate with a metallic SLAM! Florence let out a petrified yip, and I snarled and leapt towards the opening where the cat's face had just appeared. With a thunderous crash, I rocketed out of the vents and pummeled the cat into the desk, who gave an angry and tortured yowl when he slammed against it. 
		I leapt off and landed on one of the nearby boxes, suddenly crumbling under my weak, shaking legs. That was insane. What was I doing? The cat slowly wobbled up onto his feet and pulled himself up with the desk. I was terrified. The cat was already huge, almost as big as Flo, but he was standing on his two back paws like a... a human! The cat shook his head, looked me in the eyes, and hissed. "What are you doing in here!?" He snarled. "This is a forbidden room! You should know better to snoop around, beagle." "Say my name, why don't you," I growled back. 
		I struggled up onto my wobbly feet and tried to get a stout position when the cat suddenly launched himself towards the box I was standing on and dug his claws into it. With a ferocious roar, the cat hoisted the box and threw it against the wall. I had hardly any time to react as I jumped from the box and tumbled onto the floor, rolling across the carpet and ending up on my side. "Rgh-!" I grunted. I stared at the cat, struggling to gather my thoughts. I was breathing hard; this jumping was too much for me. I was horribly out of shape, and this cat was trained to take out intruders like me. 
		But he was still just a pussy cat. He wasn't that scary, right?
		I struggled to my feet and shook myself, looking up just in time to see the cat had picked up another box and hoist it over ahead. "Why do you guys even have those boxes!?" I barked. I was sure that they kept them for this purpose of tossing them at innocent animals that wandered into these rooms. Were all of the animals in here absolutely insane!? 
		I shook myself. Scratch that, he was scary. The cat barreled the box at me over his head, and I rolled behind the desk just as the box caught on the side the desk. With a crash, the desk slid forward and swung into the room the the fireplace had opened to. The desk careened about and swung to reveal me hiding behind it, the other side of the desk crashing into the wall's corner and splitting in two. It was all incredibly kinetic. 
		Realizing my cover had been literally blown to the pieces, I dashed away from the cat, who now closed in towards me with several bounds to clear the gap between us. I heard his claws unsheathe from his paws as he closed in towards me. I was terrified. I didn't know what to do, and I did the first thing that came from my mind. I howled. Really, really loudly. 
		The cat leapt back in surprise, and I took the opportunity to gain back ground at him. With a snarl, I bayed again. The cat smirked. "Feh! You're all noise!" He held his ground this time, steadying his feet and giving a ferocious, toothy grin. My mind raced. Where was his weakness? How could I stop this guy? With a snarl, I growled at him, but he wasn't fazed. I paced in a circle around him, and he did the same. 
		Then I got an idea.
		Without warning, I jumped forward towards the cat's stomach. He was ready, outstretching his claws in order to catch and subdue me. At the last second, I threw my weight and launched downwards towards his back feet. With a crack, I slammed into his legs and tripped him onto his face with an angry yowl. As I slid between his feet, the enormous feline tumbled and crashed onto the ground. I leapt to my paws, readying for him to turn again. However impending he might be, four legs was always better than two. 
		The beastly cat turned and pushed himself up on his front paws, giving a beastly snarl. I cringed. It was usually the dogs who subdued their foes by scaring them, and this cat was turning the tables! I reared myself to strike again when a blur of dirty white fur jumped from above and landed onto the cat's back. The cat gave out a startled "mreow!" as Flo knocked him back down onto his face. "What in the-!?" He yowled in a muffled voice, and with a sudden "CLANG!" Florence smacked the back of his head with the grate cover. I heard him gasp as if he was going to make a sound, and then silence. He was out cold. 
		Florence, one paw daintily in the air, looked at me in surprise. "I... I did it!" She declared. "I got him! I got him!" She squealed excitedly. Without warning, the cat gave a low moaning growl, and Flo jerked back in surprise. "AH!" She yipped suddenly, taking the grate in her mouth and smacking the cat with it repeatedly several more times. WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! The cat didn't even make a sound this time. 
		Flo leapt up and held the grate up again, ready to strike if the moment called for it. "D-did I get him!?" She said fiercely, her voice shaking with nerves. I stood and stared at her a few moments before I could finally let out a startled, "Y-yeah... I think you did." Florence spun and gave me a girlish smile. "YAY!" She cried, dropping the grate cover to the ground with a clang. "I was so scared there, for a moment!" She said nervously. 'Me too,' I thought, though I didn't aim to show that I had been. Florence bumped me with her side. "You weren't too shabby yourself, tiger!" She said with a wink. 
		I looked at her with disbelief. "Not too shabby!?" I retorted. "Uh huh," Flo said with a giggle. "I've seen better!" "Better!?" I growled. What could that mean? Had she been in fights before? Hmph. Of course. Probably with the other dogs she helped out. "You must live a dangerous life, Flo! How come you keep getting into fights all the time?" I said with a laugh. Florence looked back me wryly. "Mostly because the men I help out like to pick those fights," she winked. She turned to the opening that now had a desk sticking out of it. "Come on," she said. "Let's see what's down THIS hallway. I'm eager to find out what these guys are trying so hard to hide."
		With a flick of her tail, Flo turned and glided speedily through the entrance past the fireplace. I trotted up behind her. "Wow," I said. The hallway looked remarkably different from the rest of the house. Much like the strange hallways in that upper room, the halls here were a stark contrast from the plain wooden ones in the diners. These ones, though, unlike the walls upstairs, were stark white and remarkably clean. The hall went from a small square passage (just big enough for Flo or one of those enormous cats to make it down without crouch) before growing taller and curving into an arch. The lighting was sparse as we crossed further down the hall until we turned the corner and saw that the darkness was only lit by mysterious green glowing sticks of light. 
		"What are these?" Flo said. "I'm not really sure what they're called, but I've seen them before," I replied. "They're some sort of toy children play with at night. They're in all sorts of different colors, but these ones all seem to be green." Flo gasped. "You've played with children?" She said excitedly. "Uh, yeah," I responded, a bit confused at her excitement. "Really? Tell me all about it!" She said with enthusiasm. "What are they like? Are they friendly? Are they funny? Are they mean? Are they sweet? Are they quiet? Are they loud?" Her questions bowled me over. "Wait, wait, wait!" I said. "Lemme think for a minute." "Okay!" Florence said, grinning at me while we walked down the hallway.
		"Have you ever seen pups?" I asked. 
		"Well... Sort of." 
		"Sort of?" 
		Flo sighed. "One time, a woman brought a litter of pups with her into the diner, but she was promptly asked to leave. I saw them, but I didn't get to talk to them. Oh, but they were so cute!" She sighed.
		"Well, they're sort of like children," I said. "You know how kids are basically like small versions of their parents?"
		"Yeah, I guess so!"
		"It's like that. Children are just small versions of our people."
		Florence clenched her muscles. "Y-y-you mean that they're basically small versions of my human!?" She cried. "That's horrible! How do their parents sleep at night?"
		"No, no, no! I mean, not all of the kids are like that. Only the ones who's parents are like that. And even then, kids can change, too. Even the ones with parents like your person- no offense-" Flo smiled. "Oh, none taken." "-thanks- often will end up differently. Kids aren't clones, they're just... models, I guess. They grow up and turn into their own person!" I shuffled my paws. "I guess they're like us without any of the stuff we know." Florence gave another sigh. "That sounds wonderful. That sounds like a handful, though, having to teach them things all the time, and feeding them, and taking care of them..." She snorted. "Why, I could only think of being able to take care of one! Let alone a legion of them like that one dog had..."
		"They're a lot of work..." I sighed. "How would you know that?" Flo asked. I quickly covered my tracks. "Erm, well, I guess that I would assume that. I've spent time with them, remember? Human children are just like pups. They require a lot of work." 
		Flo and I arrived at the end of the hall, where another door was left open. A cold breeze blew from it, and I shivered from the icy night air. I took a deep breath: yup, that was definitely fresh air. I sighed. This was the most wonderful thing all night. I couldn't wait to get out of this cramped little house and stretch my legs. Flo seemed happy about it, too, and I couldn't blame her: who'd want to be stuck in a house where they couldn't even stand up for more than a few hours? 
		We walked out into the night, and the brisk air greeted our fur in an icy embrace. The air in my lungs became cold again, and I almost thought I had ice forming in my nostrils. I was also instantly aware of how sore I was, and I winced just a little bit. "You alright?" Flo asked. I nodded. "Y-yeah, I think I'll be okay. My muscles hurt a bit." "I'll bet. You had quite a few big brawls in there, didn't you?" I puffed out my chest. "Nothing more than I can handle!" I declared... "Oh, ow!" before I dropped my chest and winced from my poor, aching shoulders.
		Around us was a great big field of grass that stretched out and over a canyon. The yard had a chain-linked fence surrounding along the edge of the cliff, and as far as I could tell, it stretched all the way around past several houses before cordoning off at either end. It must have stretch for at least 10 minute's walk in both directions. In the darkness, animals trekked through the lawn. I could smell several rabbits, all of which were accompanied by more ferocious cats. There were dogs, lizards, a cow, and even some mice scattered throughout the tall grass. It was eerily quiet, with just the footsteps of some of the closer animals ringing through the air. 
		"What is this place?" I said. "This is the threshing field," Flo replied. I turned and raised my brow at her. "How do you know that?" I asked. "Because," Florence said, "I've been here more than a few times." 
		"You what!?" Florence giggled. "Yup! I've been out here lots of times, but I've never gotten here through the path that we took." I stared at her. "But... Then... Where... But... How?" I stammered. "Oh, just through that back door over there!" She pointed with her paw at a wooden door to the far right of the building that was just around the side of the house. A dumpster sat next to it. "I normally go through the kitchen to get out here." 
		I stood there, my mouth hanging open, speechless. What could I say? I mean, why didn't we just go through that way? Why did we go through the way we did? "But... why didn't you tell me!?" I stammered. Florence shrugged. "I was excited to see that back room. I had never been back before, and it sounded so interesting!" She bounced onto her feet playfully, running around and rolling through the grass. "Plus, it ended up being another adventure in itself... And it led out here!" She rolled on her back and sighed. "Oh," she added, "And the chandelier sort of smashed the door that I normally went through, and I couldn't get past it. Thank goodness that worked out, huh?" 
		I shook my head. I didn't know what to say. "Uh, yeah, I guess," was all that came out. 
		What a crazy night.
		Flo turned and leapt up to her feet. "So, should we get going?" She said excitedly. "Where?" I replied, unsure what we were going to do next. Florence clicked her tongue and looked off in a direction towards the field. "Well, a part of me really wants to go and find out what those people are doing... But we can't forget our priorities, now can we?" She turned and waved her tail again. "Follow me. We're going to get back to finding your sister!" My heart sunk when she said that; not that we were going to go find Star, but that I still hadn't told Flo the truth. "About that..." I started to say, but Flo barked cheerily. "Don't worry, Snoopy! Just trust me, we'll find her. Don't ask questions, just trust me and follow me, okay?" 
		"But-" I started again, but she took off. "Come on, slow poke! I said, don't worry about it! I know what I'm doing!" I stood there and watched as she ran off. I guess the other dogs must have been as hesitant as I was... She was just trying to be encouraging. I'd have to pick a better time to tell her. "C-coming!" I shouted, running off after her. 
		The wind blew through my fur, and the grass tickled my belly as I leapt through it. The grass sometimes grew up to my chin, which made me have to leap so I could see past it to make sure I didn't lose Flo. There was something about the night air and the great open field... I felt alive. The swirling air blew past my ears, filling my hearing with a rushing, whooshing sound that made my heart race. The brisk air made me feel both completely aware and senselessly lost in the swirl of activity. I saw Flo off in the distance, and suddenly tail flashed up in the air and disappeared. Where did she go!?
		I kept running forward towards where I had seen her last when the ground suddenly disappeared beneath me, and I tumbled downwards into a dark hole in the middle of the field. "Wha-!?" I started to say, before the dark abyss swallowed me up and I crashed into the floor below. To my relief, it wasn't hard dirt, but a soft cushion that caught my fall and slowed me to a stop as I was swallowed down into it a moment before bouncing back up to the surface. "What in the-? What is this stuff?" I said aloud. 
		"Quicksand!" Flo replied. I saw her walk out of the shadow into the moonlight. "Here, grab this!" She tossed a rope out towards the sand, which I grabbed with my teeth. Pulling myself towards the edge, I pulled myself out of the pit of sand and shook myself. "Quicksand...?" I gasped after a moment. "Yup!" Flo said. "June thought of that." 'Who was June?' I wondered. "It's not the kind that sucks you under or anything, but it can be kind of hard to get out of, which is why we have the ropes just in case." I noticed that my fur and Florence's was now covered in the sticky, muddy substance. Florence noticed my concern and said, "Follow me."
		With a trot down a large tunnel, she showed me towards a drizzling waterfall that fell and drained off towards the left in a small trench that led out of the tunnel. "Leaky pipe," she explained. "Johnny came up with the idea to funnel the water out and use this..." She walked through and shook herself as she passed through the water, "... as a bath!" I grinned. "Okay, let me try!" I stuck my snout in first and slowly did the same, walking under the falling water with a shiver. "This water is cold!" I sputtered. I shook my tail out as the water finally passed over it and shook myself dry as I passed out of the other side. "Better?" Flo said. "Much better," I replied, giving a loud sneeze. "Chilly, though." 
		A small voice barked out from further down the tunnel. "Flo, is that you?" Said the little voice. "Yes, Jordan, it's me!" Flo replied. "I'm back, and I brought another friend!" We arrived into a large round room that was covered in dog beds and was filled with a variety of smells. Within the midst of the sea of soft beds was a red, longhaired dachshund. "Flo! You're back!" It announced cheerily. It was the same little voice, so this must have been Josh. "Hey, guys! Flo's here!" 
		"She is?" 
		"Sweet!" 
		"Coming!"
		"On my way!"
		"What's that smell?"
		Five other dogs arrived from respective openings in the wall, which I guessed must lead to their individual chambers (I would have been more than just fine sleeping in the wonderful sleeping quarters in the middle of the living room, really). Florence happily pointed out each one. "Snoopy, this is James, June, Jack, Josh, Jordan, and Johnny. And you already met Jordan." The little dachshund shook his tail. "Pleased to meet you, mister! What's your name?" He said with a peppy bounce. "I'm Snoopy," I replied shyly. 
		A burly great dane strode up and sniffed me. "Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Snoopy. I am James. James Blonde." "Blonde?" I question, noticing his distinct blue coat. "Yes, Blonde," he sighed. Flo whispered in my ear, "Everyone asks him that." "Oh." I looked up at him. "Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Blonde!" 
		The next dog, a stout bulldog, stepped up, giving a salute. "Mr. Snoopy! Happy to make your acquaintance. I'm the one they call Johnny. " He suddenly looked at me with an intense gaze. "Got a serious question for you, son." I looked at him back and swallowed. "O-okay. Shoot," I replied. He gave me a sharp eye, and inhaled before he inquired, "Do you like ice-fishin'?" The oddity of the question took me by surprise. "Um... Yes?" I honestly had never tried it, but I figured I'd better answer the best answer that would appease this intense looking dog. "I'm not very good at it, but..." The dog had apparently stopped listen and put his paws in the air and shouted, "Hallelujah! At last! Someone else knows the real meaning of greatness!" Before stepping off, saying, "My business is done here." I glanced at Flo. "Is he... related to...?" Flo smiled. "Chris? Yes sir!" That explained a lot.
		The next dog was a Scottish Terrier. A very scottish terrier. "Pleased ta' meetchya, sonny!" He exclaimed, taking my paw and shaking it furiously. "I'm Juniper, but ye can just call me June, or Junie if ya'd rather!" "N-nice to meet you, too, Mr. June," I said as best as I could while getting shook around. "Ah! Not Mr. June, sonny! Jest June. Mr. June is me father!" I nodded. "Ah," I replied. I smiled: he was one of my favorites, right up there with the little Dachshund.
		A mopheaded St. Bernard lumbered up to me, and held out his paw. I had a hard time finding it at first under all of his wiry, dreadlocked coat, but eventually we figured things out. "Well, hello, there," he said with a happy, rolling voice. "I'm Josh." "Nice to meet you, Josh." I half expected him to say something else, but after he shook my hand, he just sort of walked over to the pillows and lay on his side in them, snuggling up happily between several of them. Florence winked at me. "He's a pretty happy guy, nothing really gets him down."
		Speaking of down, a rather serious-looking pug strolled up and held out a paw with an almost obligatory stance. "I'm Jack. I hope you'll find your stay here pleasant," he said plainly. He snorted a few times, and I almost worried that something might be wrong before I remembered that he was a pug. That was just how he breathed. "Nice to meet you," I said with a smile. He dropped my paw and turned and walked over to Florence. "What's the mission, Miss Florence?" He said sternly. Florence seemed taken aback. "Why, Jack! What makes you think we have a mission? Snoopy is a guest! Lighten up a little," she insisted. The pug sighed. "Are you sure there's no mission?" He said.
		Flo looked down. "Well, I didn't say there was no mission..." The pug clapped his paws together rather joylessly. "Then instruct me on what must be done, and I shall prepare accordingly," he replied. "Jack..." Flo said with a huff. "My first order is for you to relax. We have a guest. Make him feel welcome!" The pug looked over at me with a stern glance. "Can I get you something to eat or drink, sir?" He said in a servant-like monotone. "Um..." I began, before Florence smacked him over the head with her paw. "Darn it, Jack! I said be nice! Use his name, at least," she insisted. The pug sighed again. "Can I get you something to eat or drink, Mr. Snoopy?" 
		I held up my paws at him. "Woah, woah, woah, there, friend. Just Snoopy. Mr. Snoopy is my father," I said with a grin, looking over to see June's approving face of surprise beaming back. The pug grumbled. "Then I suppose you won't be needing anything, then?" He said with a huff. "Actually," I replied. "If you don't mind, I could really go for some water. I'm very, very thirsty." The pug nodded. "Right away, sir." "Snoopy." "Snoopy, sir." With his nose in the air, he turned and trotted off. I looked Flo with a concerned glance. "Is he always like that?" I sort of motioned with my head. "Yeah, don't mind him," she winked back. "He's a bit of a hard nut to crack, unless you slip a little whiskey into his soup. Then he's a real character." 
		I snickered, and quickly recomposed myself as Jack brought out my water. With a light clunk, he presented it at my feet. "Here you are, Snoopy, sir," he said with another snort. "Let me know if there's anything else I can do for you." Just as he turned to walk away, I got an idea. "Wait," I said quickly. The pug turned and faced me again, visibly a bit annoyed. "Yes?" He replied. I looked over at the pile of mattresses and beds in the middle of the pit inside the cavern. "I..." I nodded affirmatively. "I would really love if you would jump in there with me!" I said. The pug sort of gave me a sideways glance and said, "C-come again, sir?" "Snoopy," I reminded him again. "Er, yes, Snoopy..." he looked into the pit. "You want me to... jump in there?" He said hesitantly.
		"Yes! As your guest, I would really appreciate it if you would," I said eagerly. The pug looked into the pit again. "I don't know... I don't think I am properly equipped to survive such an endeavor." I laughed. "What does that mean?" The pug looked at me indignantly. "Why, what if I landed on my neck? The uncontrollability of the bouncy mattresses, the off angles of the beds... I could sprain something, Snoopy sir-!" And with a single fell motion, Flo had snuck up behind Jack, tucked her nose under him, and threw him into the middle of the pit. With an "Aiieeeee!" He fell into it and landed on his back on a mattress with a solid "thwump before bouncing sprawling onto his belly. "Oh, dear!" He cried. "I'm hit! Oh, I'm sure I sprained something, now!" 
		I looked over and saw Josh approach the edge of the pit before gleefully declaring "DOGPILE!" and leaping into the pit. I heard Jack freak out below before Josh audibly "whumped" down onto the same mattress and sent the pitiful pug soaring into the air. With a whoop and a shout, June leapt into the pit onto Josh's back and bounced up to catch Jack by the scruff. "I gotchya, laddie!" He said between his teeth, dropping the pug onto a soft bed after he had landed from his rescue mission. 
		Johnny slyly bumped James, who panicked and tripped into the pit and bounced off of a mattress and landed on top of June, who let out a wheeze and a chuckle. "Ahoy, there, lad! You got me!" He gasped. The bulldog squatted down and allowed the little dachshund to climb onto his back before taking a few steps back. "Ready?" He said to his passenger. "READY!" The little voice cried, and the pitbull launched himself forward with a gleeful howl before bouncing headfirst into the pit.
		I looked over at Flo, who gave me an impish grin. "Ready?" She said. "Ready!" I replied. "One, Two, Three!" And with a wild bay, I led the charge as we leapt into the pit and landed in an explosion of soft beds and... feathers! On of the pillows was ripped open by one of my long claws as I landed on it, and the feathers inside of it spread all over the place in an explosion of white and fluffy. There was a burst of laughter and my own sides hurt from laughing with them. I rolled in the beds, bumping into Josh and then ending up next to Flo, but not before we bumped heads together. 
		Florence laughed, and the feathers began to settle as we all ran out of breath from laughing so much and frolicking pit. "Snoopy," Flo said with a long breath. "I want you to meet... The Machine! Or at least, that's what I like to call them."
