---
layout: writing
title: Beagles! - Chapter 3
categories:
- stories
- beagles
comments: true
---

Oh man. Oh man, oh man, oh man.
    What am I doing!? 
    I didn't know where I was. All I knew was that I was not in my yard, and I did NOT have my blanket. These two facts were very distressing. And I still kept walking. Where am I? What am I doing!?
    Phew. 'Calm down, Snoopy,' I told myself. 'You can do this. You just need to find out where you are.' I looked around. The houses here were not familiar. They were far too nice. 
    Had I ended up in Hollywood? Was I even in Twin Falls anymore? I had heard my boy talk about the place, before, a place where everything was made out of gold and the people were swimming in money. This place didn't have any gold, and there certainly weren't any money pools around here. So that couldn't be it. 
    The metal monsters here weren't as scary, either. I had already gone up to a couple of them and talked to them, which took a lot of my courage. Unfortunately, they didn't respond. None of them did. I even barked at one of them (which took ALL of my courage) and it didn't budge. I finally had to deduce that they must not be very smart.
    The neighborhood was eerily quiet, almost too quiet. I stopped and sniffed the air. There were people here, to be sure, but they were all seemingly inside of their homes. The streets were empty. I smelled dogs, but none of them seemed to be outside- Wait! I take that back, there was one nearby. Maybe he could tell me where I was.
    I strolled over towards where the fresh scent was, and to my surprise, he was a she.
    And she was beautiful.
    Beyond the white wooden fence was the most beautiful, snow-white collie I had ever laid eyes on. Her fur was soft, smooth, and blew gracefully in the soft breeze the surrounded her. She was frolicking amongst the roses and daisies that lined her emerald-green yard. As I caught sight of her, she was burrowing her nose in a daisy and taking a long, graceful whiff of it. To my surprise, she suddenly lifted her paw and sneezed! I sighed dreamily. Even her sneezes were graceful.
    The collie suddenly took note of my presence, and she turned to meet my own gazing eyes. We stared at each other for a long, almost awkward moment, and then she trotted towards me. Her steps were soundless, her coat bouncing in the wind with aplomb and beauty. She moved like a ghost, and the world seemed to remain motionless around her silent paws.
    I finally caught myself staring, and I hastily looked down. When I built up the bravery to look up again, she was right there, only a foot away. The fence separated us, but it had gaps large enough to let me see her face clearly. I swallowed. It was so loud that I was almost sure she could hear it! I cleared my throat and tried to say something, anything. It was far too quiet.
    "H-hello!!" I squeaked. I couldn't believe it. I squeaked. Like a stupid, newborn little pup. I cleared my throat again and tried once more. "Uh, I mean, hi." I was already kicking myself. The collie giggled in a heavenly, sweet voice and responded back. "Well, 'Hello!'" She replied, sweetly mocking my cracking voice. "Is it normal where you come from to stare at ladies from outside of their homes?" My face is white, but I'm sure it burned a deep red. "N-n-no! I mean, of course not! I-I'm-" I bowed my head in embarrassment.
    She giggled again. "Oh, silly, I'm only joking! You're not the first one to do that," she said. I raised my head again. "O-others?" Great, now I was just another ogler. What was I thinking? I was such an idiot. "Yes, the others," she said. "The humans! They always seem to stop and admire me. I always feel so embarrassed." Humans? Did she mean people? Not dogs? "I mean, have you ever had people look at you and point and talk about you? I always feel like such a spectacle." I worked up my courage again. "Do they say bad things about you or something?" The collie laughed. "Oh, no! They never say anything mean. They always comment on my coat and how beautiful I am, or how gracefully I walk. What silly things to say! It's not as if they really know me that well. How can they be so sure?" 
    "B-but it's true!" I burst out. There was another pause, and I felt my face burn brighter. The collie cocked her head to the side. "You think so?" She said, an impish quality of understanding creeping into her voice. I bowed low and pawed at the ground. "W-well, yeah. I think so, anyway." The collie let out another sweet laugh! "Oh, you're so sweet! Thank you so m-uch-!" She held her paw to her lips and looked suddenly looked surprised. I was a bit bewildered as well. For a moment, it seemed like her voice suddenly had become very, very deep. 
    The collie stood another moment and then turned around. "E-excuse me! I have to go," she said shyly. Without another word, she spun around and ran for her doghouse. "Wait-!" I barked. That was a mistake. My yip echoed throughout the entire neighborhood, and I feared that my people might hear me and come after me. 
    Even worse than that, the door to the collie's house whipped open and a grumpy old man stomped out with- wait, was that-!?
    BLAM!
    A sudden shot rang out and bounced off of the grass a mere foot away from me! "What the-!?" I yipped and leapt into the air onto my feet. I stared directly into the eyes of the old man, and the man stared back with a ferocious glare. "Git offa my property, you rolly-polly maggot! I blast ya in two if you stand still there another second longer!" He wasn't kidding either, as he reached around and pulled another shell from his pocket and began to load it into the gun. I had to get out of here!
    With a skip, hop, and a dash, I spun around and raced away from the house. Another shot rang out, and I heard glass shatter and a blaring horn ring out. 'What the heck was that!?' I wondered. I wasn't about ready to stick around and find out. The man shouted at me again, and I raced down the street as quickly as I could. 
    Another shot bounced off the street next to me and I darted to the left around the block, leaping over the curb and bursting into the alleyway. Over to my right, I spotted what appeared to be a run-down broken chicken coop. I didn't think twice, and I quickly tumbled under it's shelter. I was breathing quickly and heavily. I don't think I have ever run that fast in my life!
    I looked around at the dark surroundings I had escaped to. Light leaked through the roof, and the air was musty. I could smell life bursting forth from the ground here; weeds dotted the dirt all around, and massive vines had grown towards the light and around the cracks of the roof. The roof was covered in them. In the middle of the coop was one single gigantic stalk that broke through the top of the roof and extended out into the sky outside. 
    I was curious. What was this tall plant? I stayed put where I was, laying on my stomach, for a few minutes longer. I strained my ears and checked my surroundings with my nose. The man wasn't shouting or firing anymore, but some more voices were mingling around the neighborhood. I couldn't go back on that street, or else someone might see me. The alleyway didn't sound like it had any activity in it, but I couldn't be sure; my nose was clouded by the stifling scent of plant life in this coop. If I wanted to be sure, I would have to go check it out. 
    I poked my head out first, making sure no one was waiting for me to come out. The coast was clear, and I slowly walked out of the coop as quietly as I could. It was quiet again, and I knew if I barked everyone would know where I was. I had to be as silent and stealthy as possible.
    Then something bit me. 
    I failed to suppress yet another yip, and I cringed as I heard it echo across the alleyway and into the streets. Doors swung open, to my horror, and I heard the old man shouting to the others something about a "varmint still being nearby." If they found me, I was sure I would be strung up from the old man's walls by my toenails and eaten or something. I had to move fast! But where-!?
    Then, a deep voice called out from beyond the alley and a few houses down. "Psst! Over here!" I froze. Was he talking to me? I heard the whisper again, this time as a small whine. "Behind the fence!" I looked over and saw a tail wagging from behind an aged white fence. I hesitated. Could I trust this person? 
    I heard the people coming closer to the alleyway. It was now or never: I either had to run back to the coop or towards this new dog calling me. I thought of the thing that had bitten me in the coop, and accordingly dashed over to the fence. "Hello?" I whispered. I didn't want the crowd to hear me. The voice whispered back, sharply saying, "Over here!" I saw a white snout peering from under the fence, pushing up a board. "It's narrow, but I think you can fit!" He hissed. The crowd was almost upon me, and I frantically stuck my own snout under the board and threw it upwards. It swung open, and I scurried under it just as it slammed close and whacked me in the rear.
    I looked around myself for a moment to try and catch a glimpse of where I was, but the voice called out from inside of a doghouse. "In here!" It yipped. I bolted in, and a white paw suddenly pushed me to the back of the doghouse. A fluffy tail covered my eyes and I heard a familiar voice whisper, "Stay quiet. Don't move!" I wisely obeyed and waited with bated breath. 
    A few moments passed, and I heard a sigh of relief. "Okay, the coast is clear," she said. I opened my eyes (having realized I was squeezing them shut) and took in my surroundings: most prominently was the beautiful snow-white collie in front of me. "You-!" I started. She nodded. "Yes! When I saw you were in trouble, I knew I had to help." She pointed her nose towards a bowl. "Are you, um, hungry? I wasn't sure how long you had been out on the street." "Um... I guess so," I responded sheepishly. The whole thing wasn't exactly casual or under the most favorable circumstances, but I figured it was polite to accept her offer. "Thank you," I said. 
    The sweet aroma of food was overwhelming. Despite my knotted stomach, I had only eaten the small amount of food my owners had given me this morning. I was starving. Better yet, her food was something I hadn't tasted in a very long time: wet dog food. For too long I had been fed a daily dose of dry, bland kibble, but here was something special. This was real, delicious food. The sweet scent and aroma swirled around and wafted into my snout. My mind was instantly filled with images of fresh chicken, deeply seasoned in whatever humans douse them in. Freshly cut, juicy, delicious, mouthwatering-!
    "Well, are you going to eat it, silly?" The collie laughed. I was instantly aware of the fact that I was dumbfoundedly standing over the dish and drooling on it. I bowed my head nervously. "Y-yeah! Sorry, I was... I'm just..." I didn't know what to say. The collie smiled. "It's okay, I understand. You've been out on the street for a while, haven't you? You're probably starving." "A-are you sure?" I responded. There weren't exactly two bowls, and I wasn't good at sharing. "Of course I'm sure! I offered, didn't I? Go right on ahead," she said insistently. "Besides, I'm not hungry. I already ate this morning." 
    I couldn't help myself. I dug my face into the bowl and ate as quickly as I could. It was so good. The taste of the moist wet food oozed with delicious chicken-y flavor, it's succulent taste combined with a texture that was so satisfying, so delicious, and so unique. I hadn't ever eaten anything like this before, and I ate like someone might take it away at any moment. 
    The collie seemed surprised. "My goodness! You really must be very hungry, aren't you? Do your owners feed you at all?" I coughed and thought I should probably stop a moment. "How did you know I-?" "Isn't it obvious? You're wearing a collar around your neck, aren't you?" Sure enough, she had noticed my necklace. "A most peculiar collar, I might add," she said in a inquisitive voice. "I've never seen anything like it." I swallowed the mouthful of food I had just eaten and responded, saying, "Yes, my person gave it to me. I had lost my other collar, and he put this around my neck one day. He said the little symbol on it made me a 'Christian beagle.'" The collie giggled. "Well, isn't that peculiar? I never knew that's what a cross stood for!" I was intrigued. This collie seemed to know a lot about people. 
    "Oh, where are my manners?" She exclaimed. "I must apologize for my person. He can be so irrational sometimes!" I was once again caught with food in my mouth, and I answered with a muffled, "Mphhit's mokay." The collie stamped her foot. "No, it's not okay! What he did was insensible. I never thought he'd actually try to kill you! The whole ordeal is just so rid-iculous!" I jumped. A sudden deep voice rumbled through the dog-house again. The collie seemed taken aback, and then she turned and hid her face. "I-I'm sorry," she said. "Forgive me, I didn't mean to startle you." 
    I was perplexed. "Wait, did you make that voice?" I couldn't believe it. I had never met a dog with a voice like that before. The collie didn't say a word. "Was that you who was calling me to the fence earlier?" I had never realized it until now, but I must have thought in the back of my mind before that there was another dog in this yard. "I-I though it was-" She burst into tears and hid her muzzle under her paws. I was suddenly stricken with panic and sympathy. "W-wai-wai-wait! Don't cry, I'm not mad at you or anything! I'm... just... surprised, that's all. I thought..." She didn't seem to take notice. I didn't know what to say. I sat for a moment, a little too flustered to know what to say. 
    Then, I got an idea. "Hey," I said softly. The collie was no longer sobbing, but she didn't seem to respond and continued to whimper with her snout in the corner of the doghouse. "Psst! Wanna know a secret?" I whispered again. She didn't rely verbally, but I could see her shoulders relax just a bit. I knew she was listening. "I know I don't really look like it..." I drew a deep breath. "But... I really love dancing. I'm pretty good at it, too." After a moment, She turned and looked at me. With a sniff, she said warbly, "R-really?" "Really really," I grinned back. "Watch." 
    I took a couple steps back and went outside. Standing in the lawn, I waited for a moment. What dance should I choose...? Then, one idea struck me, and I grinned. That would do just wonderfully. With a tap of my paw, I set the beat. The collie poked her head out, and I saw her face begin to change as she watched me. 
    I circled my lips and began to draw my breath in and out. A smooth whistle began to sound from my lips, and I shook my rump to it. With a few smooth hip shakes, I bounced from paw to paw with a grooving rhythm set to my own playing. The rhythm was a Bob Fosse bounce with just a bit of swing added to it to give it a comical appeal. After a few hip swings, I shifted to the left and grooved with my shoulders, grooving back and forth and up and down with my head. I shot a smolderous look towards, the collie, and she burst into laughter. 
    "Well, I never knew-!" She snickered and even snorted. "Oh, my-!" She said, laughing at the sound of her own voice. "Oh my round little white friend! I never would have thought you would have had a thing for dancing! Ahaha!" I decided I had done my duty. I didn't want to embarrass myself any further. The collie beamed at me. "Tell me, what is your name? I feel so out of place giving compliments that I can't pair a name to." I stuck my nose up in the air fancifully and replied, "Snoopy, my dear. Short for Snoop. Y. Beagle." The collie tittered again. "Dear? Oh my! Call me Flo. Short for Florence. W. Collie!" She responded jokingly. "But really, just Florence." 
    "It's good to meet you, miss Florence," I said in the most proper way that I could. Then, my stomach growled. "S-say, you wouldn't happen to-?" She smiled. "As far as I remember, you didn't quite finish your meal. I'll bring it out."

    "A speech disorder?" I said. I treaded on the subject carefully, as to not be insensitive. "Yes," Flo replied. "Ever since I was a pup, my mother noticed that I had an unusually low voice. As I got older, my voice corrected itself, but I still tend to sometimes accidentally let out my deeper voice. My human said it has something wrong to do with my vocal chords."
    "Human?" I said quizzically.
    "Er, person. I suppose that what you call them," Flo said. "It's the word we use around here for the two-legged folk."
    "Oh," I responded sheepishly. I felt a bit like an outsider or hillbilly here. "Say, Flo, I have a funny question: where am I?" Florence cocked her head. "Whyever do you ask? Where did you come from?" 
    "Twin Falls, I think."
    Florence laughed. "Well, you're still here, silly! What part of Twin Falls are you from?"
    "I'm not sure," I said hesitantly. Flo thought a moment and said, "Do you have any green signs on your street?" "Yes," I responded. "I've seen them a few times." 
    "What do they say?" 
    I pawed at the ground. "Well, see, I..." My face was turning red again. "I don't really know."
    "What?"
    "I can't... read. I can't read." I said sheepishly. Flo laughed. "That's nothing to be ashamed of! Not many dogs can. I can only read a little. I didn't expect you to know." She walked over to a pile of soil in the flower garden. "Here," she said. I watched as she took her paw and drew a "11" symbol into the dirt. "This is my street. All of the green signs are labels that tell you what street you're on. Its a way for humans- er, people -to keep track of where they are and where they're going." "Right," I said. "Because they can't really seem to use their noses, huh?" (Right when I said that, I wondered why I hadn't though to use my nose to see if I could find my house before. I shrugged.) "Right," Flo said. "Now, you go ahead and write the symbol you saw on your green sign." 
    I thought long and hard for a moment, trying to remember what the symbol I had seen was. Oh-! 'That's right!' I thought. 'Got it.' With my own shaky paw, I did my best and wrote the symbol "7" into the soil next to Flo's drawing. Flo yipped with approval. "Oh! Good, good! That's a 'seven.' Mine is called an 'eleven!'" She sniffed excitedly. "Snoopy, your house is close by to mine! You're not far from home!" I couldn't believe it. "Really?" I said. Flo nodded. "Yuppers!" 
    I was torn, now. What should I do? Star had been so serious about wanting to leave, and suddenly, I realized I didn't know where she was. Should I go home? Should I try to go find Star? 
    Should I stay here?
    Flo seemed to notice my confliction. "Are you alright, Snoopy?" I didn't know what to say. "I- I don't know if I can go home yet," I said. Flo seemed puzzled. "Why not?" She replied. "I... I lost somebody." Flo was quiet for a moment. "You mean... She died?" I looked at her. "How did you know it was...?" 
    "I saw it in your eyes. You had a look on your face I've had before." Flo eyes fell, and I could tell I had accidentally touched on another sore spot. "I-I'm sorry, I didn't know-" She smiled softly. "It's okay, Snoopy. It wasn't your fault." Then I realized I hadn't clarified. "Oh, w-wait! I don't think she's dead, she's just missing." 
    Flo glanced up again suddenly, her eyes alight with attention again. "Oh! Well, in that case, maybe I've seen her. What does she look like?" 
    "Hmm... Sort of like a skinny, black and white version of me?" 
    "Oh! Is she your sister?"
    "Well-" I was about to say no, but... something stopped me. "Y-yes. Yes she is?" 
    Flo cocked her head again. "Well, is she or isn't she?" I swallowed a little. "She... she is! Well, she's not really my sister, but, you know, we live in the same yard. We don't have the same mom, but she's practically my little sister!" Flo smiled. "Isn't that sweet!" Her smile turned to seriousness. "But wait! We have to find her, don't we?" 
    "W-we?" I stuttered. Flo stamped her foot. "Yes, we! You don't think you could go and find her by yourself, do you?" I was taken aback. "Why? You don't think I can?" I puffed out my chest with pride. "I'm a hound! I can smell the beat of a fly's wing from a mile away." Flo chuckled. "Well, be that as it may, masterful hound-dog tracker, you apparently don't know how to sneak around the neighborhood. And, how do you expect to get home? Even an amazing hound dog can only smell a path that's laid for him. You don't have a scent to follow home at this point, now, do you?" I was trapped. She was right, and she knew it.
    "But how are we going to know where to start looking?" I said. Now I felt hopeless. Star probably was farther than I could smell her, and there was no trace of some sort of trail. I was a hound, sure, but I had my limits. How could a collie help me? 
    Flo gave a wry smile. "I have my ways," she said slyly. "You don't think I have a fence with a removable post in it just to let helpless pups in, do you?" Huh. I had never thought about that. "Then what-?" "Leave it to me, Snoopy. For now, just get some rest. We'll leave at midnight." 
    Midnight. This alone sounded like a good plan, probably one I never would have thought of. Collies may not have legendary snouts, but if there's one thing they are, it's clever. Flo was more clever than I had thought. She was much more than a pretty face, and I couldn't help but be captivated.
    Suddenly, a piercing pain shot through my neck. "Owch!" I yipped. The streets echoed again, and Flo was instantly alert. "Snoopy-!" She growled. "I-it wasn't my fault! Something bit me!" I shot back. She rushed me to her dog house. "Quick, hide here!" I harumphed. Again with the doghouse.
    The crowd had disassembled while Flo and I were talking, and the old man had since returned home. I heard him swing his door open again and sensed that he was probably furiously scanning over the streets in search for me. Then I heard Flo yip, and the old man's footsteps stomped towards the fence. "Florence! Is that you yappin' through the streets!?" The old man growled. Peeking out from a knothole in the doghouse, I saw that Florence was holding a rose. She whined at her person and dropped the rose. "Daggumit, Florence! How many times have I told you not to touch your mother's roses!? Those flowers will bite chyeh! Didn't I tell you those flowers will bite chyeh!?" 
    Florence whimpered and bowed her head low. To my amazement, the old man visibly softened. "Ah... Ah, Florence. C'mere, you pretty lass," he said softly. Florence glided over to him slowly, the world once again seemingly still amidst her ghostly gait. The old man bent down on his knees (I heard a distinct creaking) and scratched behind her ears. "I'm mighty sorry, Flo. I shouldn't have yelled at chyeh like I did. I'm jest... I'm jest worried, Flo." I sensed a deep sadness in the man. "I don't want chyeh to be hurtin' yourself... Or those roses, for that matter. Those are all we got left of your mamma... You're all I got left of your mamma." Florence nuzzled her face against the wrinkled, worn-out outstretched man-paws of the old man. He sat for a while and just pet her behind her ears and on top of her head. 
    After a little while, the man got back up again (creaaaak). I heard him stand there for a moment, and he took a deep breath before snapping his fingers. "Welp, Flo," he said. "Guess I'd better get back intah watchin' the neighborhood. That scoundrel that was makin' eyes atchya had best know better than to fear my rifle. No more yippin' yourself now, either: I don't wanna nick you with one of my bullets!" Flo gave an excited bark, and the man burst into a wheezing laugh, coughing a few times as he made his way up the stairs and into the house.
    A few moments later, Flo wordlessly glided back to the doghouse. "Coast is clear," she said bubbly. "Thanks," I replied. I walked out and sat in the grass for a bit. I lay down and stared at the rose. The deep red hues in it were astonishing; I had never seen anything quite like it. Especially not in the winter time. 
    Flo sighed with a noticeable whimsey and lay beside me. "You know, Snoopy, this garden is kind of magical." 
    "How so?" I said, with only a tint of humor in my voice.
    "I'm serious!" She smiled and bat my side. "Really, though. Every year since my mother died..." She stopped a minute. "You don't have to talk about it if you don't want to," I said back assuredly. Flo shook her head. "No, it's okay. I've never had anyone to talk about this with. It feels good to finally let it out and tell it to someone. It makes me feel better."
    "Okay. I'll listen as best I can, then," I said. "Careful, though: I might fall asleep, so it'd better be good!"
    Florence threw her head back and laughed again. "Thank you, Snoopy. Every year since my mother died, these flowers have been left untended. My person is too heartbroken to take care of them, because the death of my mother, and all." I raised my paw in question. "Your mother was a person?" I asked. Florence seemed shocked. "Oh, y-yes! My apologies, Snoopy, I didn't know that that was something you weren't-" "No, no, no, it's okay. Star's mom is the same way. I understand!" I said hastily. Florence let out a long breath. "Phew," she said. "I was afraid I was giving you the wrong idea." 
    "So, what about the flowers?" I persisted. "They're not taken care of?" "Right. But look at them!" Flo beckoned her snout towards the garden, and I once again beheld the rich colors that emanated from it. Roses bled in a beautiful mix beyond the others in deep hue of red and hiding shadows within their curled centers. Beaming out from them were sunny and cheery daisies, and pure white tulips could have provided a perfect hiding place for a creative collie like Flo. Deep purple violets called for a thoughtful melancholy and a deep contemplation. 
    And all of them were very much alive. I couldn't believe it. "How do you think they stay alive so far into the wintertime?" I asked her. She stared towards them as she said, very quietly, "I don't know. That's the magic behind them. I can't help but wonder... Perhaps she's still there. Perhaps she visits the flowers when I sleep to keep them well." She looked right at me. "They give me hope. They make me smile everyday, even when it's cold outside and I'm all by myself. Their warmth keep me hopeful everyday." 
    What Florence said was very sweet. And a little strange. I couldn't help but ask, either, "Florence?" 
    "Yes, Snoopy?" 
    "Why are you telling me this?" 
    "Well..." She bowed her nose down. "I don't really know. I guess it's just been so long since I've had a friend to talk to." We were friends? "You think we're friends?" I said with surprise. "I-I mean we've only known each other for, um, a few hours." Florence looked at me with disbelief, and for a moment, I thought I had offended her. 
    She threw her head back and laughed. "Well of course I think we're friends! I mean, I did save your life. That alone sort of makes for something more than strangers, don't you think?" I nodded. "I... I guess you're right! Thanks, Flo," I said cordially. "For what?" She answered with an impish grin. I pawed the ground. "For, you know, saving my life. I owe you a lot." Florence swung her head and turned to her dog house. "Not to worry, Snoopy. You've more than made up for that with your little dance." 
    She giggled and snickered as she trotted into her dog house. I rolled my eyes and went over to a spot I found behind the flowers where I knew I would be hidden. 'All women must like to make fun of men,' I snorted. Nevertheless, there was something different about Florence. She wasn't another pretty face. She was clever.
    What more did she have up her sleeve, I wondered? 

    The night grew cold, and I shivered from the breezes that nipped sharply at my tail. The air was stale, and breathing it in seemed to freeze my insides. My fur kept my skin from turning too icy, but there was no fur where I drew my breath. I decided I should get up and move around a bit, perhaps find a spot that wasn't so battered by the wind. 
    I stood up and stretched my front paws out in front of me, bending backwards to stretch my body and loosen my back. With a shake I quietly stood up and and pattered out into the lawn. Everything was very, very still. Florence's tail was poking out from the doghouse, and I wonder: should I wake her? She spoke of going out and searching for Star at night, but was she really up for it?
    I looked up at the moon. It shone down almost directly above me and glistened with a direct beam ever so slightly onto the lawn. It was huge, and absolutely mystifying. I sat and watched it for a while. 'Is there anyone up there?' I wondered. 'I hear the wolves howl to it... I wonder if anyone lives up there." 
    Suddenly, a patch of flowers across the yard rustled. I was instantly tense and on alert. What was that!? The flowers rustled again, and I forced myself to keep quiet. I didn't want to wake Florence; if I made a sound, the whole neighborhood would hear it, too. I had to be stealthy. 
    With a trembling but affirmative paw, I stepped towards the patch of flowers. Then, the one next to it shook ever so slightly. This caused me to pause: were there more of them? No, wait. It was less serious than that. The flowers continued to rustled down the line, and I knew that it simply had to be at least one creature circling through them. Did they know I was here? Could they smell me?
    The rustling wrapped around through the flowers, and then it stopped. I stared at the violets that were the latest culprits, but they didn't shake again. I aimed my head low, and I crept closer. One paw, two paw, one paw, tw-
    Before I knew it, a strong force bashed down onto my back and knocked me to my belly! I turned to snap at the attacker and quickly met a rope that bound my snout to keep me from opening my jaws. All I could manage was to flail around and growl a futile, "MMPH! MRROWPH! MRRPHH." The weight on my back didn't budge, but instead a deep, rumbly voice whispered across the yard. "Boss! We got 'im." A voice hissed back from the violets. "Are there any others?" It replied. I cocked my head as best I could. Was it me, or did that voice sound... familiar?
    Another higher voice called from the daises. "Just a collie, sir, but it appears she's out cold." "WHAT!? You hit her, sergeant?" "N-no, sir! I-I meant to say that she's asleep... Sir." From the violets, a broad white and brown chest with emerged. Atop it was the most stout, steadfast, and steel-eyed pair of eyes I had ever seen. The dog was clearly a beagle like myself, but he had seen action. He had scars along his chest, strong legs, and a gait that suggested her knew what he was doing. Strangely enough, he also carried a weighty, hearty belly. He obviously ate well. He was obviously in charge. 
    "Stop calling me that, sergeant," he grumbled. "What do I look like, your father? Enough tail-kissing." With a heavy snort, he spat on the grass. "Private. What do we got, here?" He said sternly. The heavy dog atop of me let another low reply. "A small fry, sir. A beagle like yourself. I think you woke him up when you were walking through the flowers-" The hefty beagle was suddenly eye to eye with his accomplice. "I'm sorry, private. Were you blaming me for something? Are you accusing me of a... mistake?" He grumbled. The heavy dog's breathing became short; I felt his lungs constrict above me with fear. "W-well sir..." He swallowed. "SPIT IT OUT!" The leader snapped with a gritty, low voice. 
    The private took a deep breath. "Y-yes, sir. Yes I am." The beagle stared into his soldier's face for an intense moment, and them slapped him along the face... playfully. "Excellent work, private. You're an honest man. I respect that." He turned to whom I guessed was the sergeant. "Take note, newbie. Even professionals make mistakes. You have to ensure you cover every angle." "Y-yes sir," the weak little voice replied. I heard him pull out what sounded like a notebook. "SERGEANT!" He said gruffly. I heard the notebook drop. 
    "Y-y-yes, sir?" Terror. 
    "Are you actually taking notes!?" 
    "Um, y-y-yes, sir."
    The beagle stamped his foot. "You cottonhead! I meant later," he said. "We're on a mission." 
    I cleared my throat, and the grizzly leader looked down at me with a glaring eye. My heart skipped a beat. He only had one eye. "Yes?" He growled. I mustered up what dignity I had left and said, "Mrlf muff mpphh memf pthbmh." He cocked his head and snorted on my face. "Private. Claw, please." He said without breaking from my gaze. "Yes, sir," the deep voice replied. A glint cast across my view as I saw him hand a shiny object to his leader, who promptly seemed to be attaching it to his paw.
    With a threatening stare, he pointed at me, and it was clear what he meant by "claw". A sharp, gleaming object connected to him paw loomed closer to my face, and I stared at it in horror. I couldn't move. Was he going to-? I squeezed my eyes shut and expected the worse. Goodbye, cruel world!
    And then, I could open my mouth. I opened on of my eyes and saw that my muzzle was no longer bound, but that the ties had been cut. A voice coughed above me, and I looked up again to meet the glare of my captor. "Yes?" He said again. This time I was more nervous, thanks to that claw. "Um..." "UM?" He snarled. "Speak up, man." 
    This made matters worse. I cleared my throat and barely squeezed out the words, "W-... Who are you?" The dog grinned. I noticed he was missing several teeth. "My name is Captain Snoopy T. Beagle. Pleasure to make your acquaintance. What, pray, is your name?" He returned. I swallowed as best as I could and replied with a small, "S-Snoop. Snoop Y. Beagle." The beagle stared a moment, and then the toothy grin return. "Ah-ha! Is that right?" He said with an interesting glint. "Y'hear that, boys? Another Snoop." The others nervously chuckled with him. "What're you laughin' at!?" He snapped back. They were immediately quiet.
    I mustered another question. "What are you... Doing here? Are you after me, or something?" The captain laughed again. "As if, man!" Then his face dropped, and he stared at me very seriously. "Listen to what I'm going to tell you, Snoop." He nodded to the private again, and the private rustled into his bag.
    "Snoop, we are a part of a very special task force of animals from the year 2022." He declared. I stared at him back with a blank disbelief. "...Wha?" I started. He looked at me without a hint of humor. "Snoop, we are from the future. I'm on a personal mission through this time period." I blinked at him. Was he for real?
    "Why are you here?" I asked stoically. This didn't seem real. The beagle became a little more solemn. "Er, I'm sorry," I said quickly. "That's not my place to-" The dog put up a paw. "No, it's alright. It's a perfectly viable question, the second most asked one I'm given." The beagle cleared his throat. "Snoop, many years ago, I lost track of my wife."
    "You did?" My mind flashed to Star.
    "Yes, I did. It was a day that we both escaped the yard." Now this was getting weird. "Wait, wait, wait," I said. "How did you get out?" I asked him. The captain seemed confused by the question. "Why would you care to know?" He responded abruptly.
    "I'm just... curious. That's all," I said with a nervous breath.
    The captain looked at me again and shrugged his shoulders. "If you really care to know, it was an incident involving a cat and-" "The chickens escaping from the coop in your back yard?" I finished. The dog looked at me in shocked wonder. "How did you-?" He started, and then a look of realization crossed his face. "Ah. I see," he said. "Then I need you to listen to me."
    I couldn't believe that this was actually happening, but I peered nervously right back into those eyes that were glaring into mine. "Star is going to be looking for you. No matter what you do, do not let her out of your sight when you find her. At least-" He stopped for a moment, as if overcome. "At least not if you're in France. Do you understand me?" "W-what!?" "I SAID DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?" He barked. "Y-y-yes! Yes sir, yes... me." I couldn't believe that this was actually happening.
    "Now, Snoopy," he said. His attitude became rather grave. "Despite the fact that I am, in fact, you, I cannot allow you to remember what happened tonight." My heart began to beat. What did he mean by that? I saw has he took a small pen-like device from the private and pointed it at me while holding it in his mouth. "I'll make sure not to erase my warning, but I cannot allow you to remember that we've met. It could possibly ruin the world as we know it." The device began to make a high whirring sound as a faint blue light began to glow from it's tip. "Snoopy, it's thanks to you that my mission is now complete. Star is no longer in my hands," he said solemnly. "Now it's up to you to fix my mistakes. I'm sorry, Snoopy." 
    I looked over at the flowers and couldn't help but wonder as I shut my eyes: perhaps there was a little magic in this world.
    The last thing I remembered was my own gruff voice telling me, "Thank you, Snoopy. Thank you."
