---
layout: writing
title: Beagles! - Chapter 8
categories:
- stories
- beagles
comments: true
---

Neither of us dared to move. The cat and I were in a ferocious standoff, now.
	I had been giving chase for more than an hour, now. Within all that time, the chicken had managed to escape, bounce and fly up onto the roof of a building, only to get caught by the cat again on the top of the roof. It took 3 minutes and the help of the two hens with me to manage to travel up onto that same roof and chase that cat along the rooftops of the city. I had managed to grab the cat's tail and cause us both to tumble into a dumpster full of mattresses. The cat managed to drop the chicken again, who got caught in the back of a van, which the cat and I raced to catch before it finally stopped at it's destination. The chicken darted out of the truck when it was opened, and the cat had leapt ahead of me to catch the chicken. We had run into the back of an alleyway that suddenly dead-ended off at the end of it. The cat was there, looming over the terrified hen, and that's when I arrived.
	I growled a low, rumbling guttural snarl that erupted from the deepest, darkest depths of every bit of menace I had. The cat put up it's hackles and gave a gurgling yowl. She flickered a biting, rippling toothy grin. "That won't work this time, darling," the yellow cat sneered. My brain clicked as I recognized that she was the same cat that had gotten into the chicken coop. "YOU again!?" I snapped. "When will you learn to leave my chickens alone?" The cat chuckled back. "Psh. Your chickens? What are you, their mother?" She scoffed at the hens behind me. "And besides, how many did you have when you started? 6?" The cat flicked her tail. "What a terrible mother, losing her kids like this." 
	I snarled at the cat. "NO! Quiet, you, that's not true!" I wasn't going to let her get to me this time. The cat glared at me. "Oh, it isn't? Tell me, what makes you say that?" I planted my feet firmly in front of me. "Unlike you, I'm guessing, I have been a mother. I know what it's like to have children. I've had two litters. I know the truth!" The cat rolled her eyes. "Oh, yeah? What's that? You can give birth to chickens?" I growled again. The cat visibly took a step back. "NO!" I barked. "I know that mothers make mistakes. Everyone does. But nevertheless, it's my job to protect these hens that I'm in charge of taking care of. If I make a mistake, then I fix it! 
	"Now, let's go ahead and fix this little... mistake." I smirked and planted my paws firmly on the ground. The cat and I stared at each other a moment longer, and then, without warning, I burst forward and and snapped my jaws at the cat's side. The cat hissed and leapt to the side, striking a blow with her claws at my face. I suppressed a yelp and spun around to meet the cat with a fearsome bay at her face. The cat winced, and I slammed at the cat with my side. With a yowl, she tumbled to the ground and slammed against the wall. After a few moments, she slumped against the ground, out cold.
	I dashed over to the chicken, who was cowering next to the dumpster. "Are you alright?" I barked. She shook and pointed her wing at me. "D-d-d-d-dog!" She chattered. "Yes, I'm a dog!" I said quickly. "Snap out of it, Spicy, we've got to-" "No! DOG!" Spicy shouted again, and I felt a sudden foreboding above me. I turned and came face to face with that German Shepherd. The color drained from my face as a wide, toothy grin spread across his face. There was a great, dried up gash on his forehead, and one of his teeth was missing. "Well, hello there. I thought I heard a little voice barking," he said suavely. 
	I backed away from his face, which was only inches from mine. "You again," I growled. "What do you want? Why are you here?" The German Shepherd clicked his tongue. "Tsk, tsk, tsk! That's no way to greet a friend!" He stepped and turned around. "You really did a number on, back at the park." I snorted. "That was the truck, not me," I responded briskly. "I'll say it again: why did you follow me? Why are you here?" The German Shepherd sighed. "I heard you barking, and a cat yowling. I wanted to make sure you were alright. You sounded like you were in trouble! I had to make sure you were alright." 
	I growled back at him. "Cut the garbage, shepherd. I don't even know you. Why would you care!?" The Shepherd growled. "Hmph. Fine. It seems like you're not as easy to persuade as some of the other dogs I've coerced." He turned away for a moment and suddenly whirled back with a snarl. "I'm here to fulfill my master's request, my DUTY to make sure you get back home to your people." 
	I stepped back again. "What!?" I snarled. "But... why would you care? I don't even know you. You don't even know my family. You don't even know why I-" The shepherd released a fearsome, echoing sharp bark. "ENOUGH excuses!" He growled. "I am a police dog. I do not fail." He tensed his muscles as he readied himself to spring. "If my master tells me to do something, I do it. If I don't, then I fail. I'd rather DIE than fail my master," he said with a fierce conviction.
	I stared at him for a moment, and then bit my lip. He was still imposing, sure, but now his intentions were clear. He wasn't just crazy and obsessed, like I thought. He was crazy and obsessed with not failing his master. Shepherds were known to be obsessive. Every single one I had ever met was the same way, right unto death. I was going to have a problem with this guy.
	I bared my teeth at him. "Well, you're gonna have to take me back dead and gone before I'll go with you. I'll fight you to my last breath... Or yours." I readied my stance. "Hmph. You're going to try and fight ME?" The shepherd snarled. "I'm a professionally trained killer. I could take you down in a single movement." I smirked at him. "Sure, you could. And that's why you can't." The shepherd's muscles tightened in rage, and then he slackened. "Rgh..." He snarled. "You're right." 
	Then, to my surprise, he suddenly chuckled. "Well, I can understand why you wouldn't care if your own neck was on the line..." He turned to one of the chickens and snatched it up by it's feet in his teeth. "But what about one of your little 'children?'" He sneered. 
	My heart sunk in horror. He wouldn't-! But then I saw him smack his jaws. He would. Barbie flailed around, but the dog's jaws were firm. "Put me down, you menace!" She shrieked. "Star, don't listen to him!" I shot up with shock. What!? Did she just-? "Don't worry about m-m-m-me, Star-Star! Just get out of here!" She cried. I couldn't believe it. She was so brave!
	I turned to the other hens, who shakily nodded and stood their ground. "Don't worry about us, Star! We're just hens. Don't let this creep get any where near you!" The Shepherd looked around in dismay as the hens valiantly stood in front of me. Barbie swung up and pecked him in the eyeball. "AGH-!" He yipped, dropping the chicken to the ground. Barbie hit the ground, but didn't get up. "Barbie!" I shouted. "Hurry, get away from him!" The hen turned and looked at me with visible pain on her face.
	"I-I can't!" She cried. "My foot-! I can't move it!" "Gah-" I said with a start. This was not good. The shepherd, eyeball clenched, looked up with a ferocious glare that seemed almost white with a threatening rage. I was frozen in place. There was no way I could get to that hen without risking us both getting torn to pieces. But I couldn't let her just get eaten by that nasty-!
	Once again, the shepherd's rage broke out into a jerky laughter. My stomach turned. What was with this guy? He was just sick, just... Crazy. "Say, what's your friend's name? The white and brown dog, a little plump...?" My muscles tensed with fear. "Wh-what!?" I responded, my teeth clenched. The dog grinned, knowing now that he had me caught. "You know, the beagle. The one who said he was tryin' to be lookin' for you." 
	My heart burned with fury. "You-!" I snarled at him. "What did you do with him!? Where's Snoopy!?" I howled. The shepherd giggled. "Oh, he's fine, for now. Caged up at my master's home. He's a plump one, that's for sure. If we wait too long to deliver you and Snoopy back to your home, we just might have to make some use out of him." I couldn't believe my ears. "You mean, you would just eat him!? That's sick!" I bared my teeth at the dog, ready to take him down. "I do what I can," the shepherd replied nonchalantly. "You learn to cross some lines when you're forced to survive. You apparently wouldn't have the stomach to make it out on the streets." He sneered, and I realized the situation I was in. I relaxed my stance. I couldn't let Snoopy get hurt... Or eaten. Not even the chickens should have to die for my sake. They were much more noble.
	No. I couldn't leave. I had to protect these chickens... And Snoopy, too. "Fine," I conceded. The German Shepherd grinned his toothy smile. "Excellent." He turned and walked down the alleyway. "Follow me," he commanded. I started after him, forlorn and broken. I looked back behind me. "W-wait," I said reluctantly. The shepherd turned and stared down at me. "What now?" 
	I looked back at the chickens. "Please, can't we take them with us? I can't just leave them. They're..." I stared in their broken, terrified eyes. "They're like children. I can't just leave them out in the cold. Not with that cat." The shepherd looked at them for a moment, and then snorted. "Why should I care what happens to them? They're hens. They're a dime a dozen." He turned and started to walk off. "Wait!" I pleaded. He snarled. "I said no!" "B-b-b-but..." I grasped around furiously with my mind for ideas when my mind's fingers wrapped around one and grasped it firmly.
	"What... what if you could please your master even more?" I saw him freeze for a split second, as if the idea intrigued him, but then he shook his head. "This mission of mine does require any extra credit. I'm not packing chickens with me," he grunted. I insisted. "But... My people... Those are their chickens! Don't think your master might get even further rewarded if we brought them all back?" Here I saw the shepherd ponder a little. "And if he get's rewarded even more, don't you think you would have accomplished your mission even further?" I pawed up next to him. "You don't have to think of it as extra credit... Just think of it as the fact that you'd only be half-delivering if you didn't bring the chickens." 
	The shepherd thought for a while, and then turned and looked at me with a growl. "...Fine." He said gruffly. 'Oh, thank goodness!' I thought to myself. Part of me scolded myself: 'Why are you going through so much trouble to take care of these stupid hens? You're risking your neck, here.' But the other part of me shook it off, boldly replying: 'I'm not entirely heartless. That same part of me that cared for Snoopy, my children, my mother... That part of me cares about the chickens, too!' I dashed over to the chickens and gathered them. 
	"Come on, hens," I said with a stern voice. "He's letting you come along." The hens were shaking again, now. "Hey, hey," I shushed. "It's okay, I promise." I lay next to Barbie. "Can you climb onto my back, Barbie?" The hen's face looked at me, a renewed vigor returning to her face. "You... you said my name," she said softly. I nodded, a smile escaping from my lips before I could retain a hold on it. Barbie gave me a determined nod back, and she scurried forward with her wings and hoisted herself onto my back as best as she could. I felt her suddenly get lifted onto my back as I looked over and saw that both Ember and Sister Clavelle were pushing there friend up onto my back. 
	The shepherd came along my side. "You ready to go?" He said impatiently. "You promise not to hurt my friends?" I responded with a stern gaze. He looked at me with a mocking glance, but then realized I was serious. "Hmph. Fine, fine. Yes, I promise that I won't hurt them." 
	"Swear on it!" I said sharply.
	"Wha-?"
	"Swear on it!" I said again. "Swear on your mother's grave that you'll cut off one of your ears if you break your promise."
	"This is ridiculous-" 
	"Do it!"
	The shepherd finally lost his patience. "ALL RIGHT, FINE!"
	"'All right, fine,' what?"
	The shepherd grumbled. "I swear on the grave of my mother!"
	"That what?"
	"RGH! I swear on the grave of my mother that I will not hurt your chicken friends!" He snorted furiously. "Can we go, now?" I put my nose up. "I guess so. But then you'd only be half-completing your mission." The shepherd gave an exasperated breath. "I WHAT!?" He gasped. "You'd only be half-completing your mission. Look," I motioned to the chicken on my back and the two behind us. "There's only three of them." 
	"Yes, and...?" 
	"And," I said with a huff, "We're missing three of them! If these chickens are going to be delivered to my mother, my alpha, and his recently deceased mistress, they need to be delivered all together. All six of them!" The shepherd was floored. "B-b-but I-" "Why, if the alpha were to get only half of his chicken herd back, he might be even more distressed than he was when we were missing! Then how would your POOR master feel?" The shepherd groaned. "Fine, fine, fine! We'll go find your stupid chickens." He turned and began to walk down the road. I stood and watched him. I laughed. Now I had in MY paws. 
	"A-hem!" I said expectantly. He stopped and turned. "What now?" He grumbled. "Where do you think you're going?" I said indignantly. "Uh..." The shepherd replied, becoming increasingly aware of the fact that he was heading in the opposite direction of his promise. "I-I-" "No excuses!" I barked. "Come on, we're going this way. Over here is where the chickens were last together before they split up." I turned and trotted up the street. "You can help me sniff them out!" I called back. I heard him growl.
	I laughed to myself again. This was all too easy. Now, to think of a plan...
