---
layout: writing
title: Beagles! - Chapter 1
categories:
- stories
- beagles
comments: true
---

I cannot understand my wife. Every minute is a whirlwind with her. One minute, she's contently sleeping beside me, assured that everything is going to be okay. Shadows from the fiery leaf-dropper blend in and out of her dark fur, blending away into the cloud-white patches on her side. Those dark shadows move up and down, over and over again, swimming and  slowly but constantly like my own chest, like any other dog's chest. Or any other cat's chest, for that matter. Or the chests of those taunting, pecking, squawking, bothersome, obnoxious chickens. Look at them over there, high-and-mightily chirping back and forth, gossiping and chattering about anything they see or hear.    
Their mean old ears can hear everything, those flapping goose-heads. Or whatever kind of birds they are. I never cared for them. It's as if they mean to flout at me & Star, hiding behind their frustratingly protective wooden cage and giggling all the while. My poor girl was bathed out in the yard by her person, and when she was all wet, they clucked and chittered at her, demeaning her fur and all of her then imperfections, and her limp ears. It might be them alone that keeps her in such a haywire state.   
One minute she'll be asleep, and the next she's ferociously careening about the yard, leaping up and off the porch onto the lawn, lining with elicit intent around the fence like a track, tromping through the pumpkins and peppers in the garden, tearing at wiry mesh that closes about the chickens' cage, and daring to take away my blanket. MY BLANKET! I hate to snap at her, but she knows I'll do it if she gets near my blanket. And yet the state that she's in scares me away from it everytime. Her eyes are wild, her intents blazing into the dry, feebly bent brushes of my own, melting every desire to confront back into ash. I can barely cough my objections out of my then dry throat before she tears off with my blanket.   
But sometimes... Sometimes I will have had enough! 'No,' I tell myself! That's my blanket! I refuse, I won't give it up! I snarl at her, raise my hackles for a brief second. It never scares her off, but she knows I mean what I bay. She leaps for my face, and I for hers. At that moment, I refuse to back down, and clamp my teeth on whatever I can find, be it her long, thin, flapping ears or her curled, slobbered lip. Sometimes it's her leg, other times it's the blanket itself. Should her strike glance past, I grab my beloved possession and flee as fast as my legs take me. It's rare that I can ever escape.   
As soon as my legs carry me off the porch, my blanket suddenly tightens, and threatens to teeter from my clenched teeth. I'm almost sure my grasp could fail, and my blanket becomes caught. I'll whirl about, and sure enough, there's my wife, zealously jerking her head opposite of my destination. She means business. I tug and I tug with all of my might, and strain-! There have been perhaps as many times as I can count on all of my toes that we have both been victorious in our heated battles. What was once a single blanket becomes two! I mean it! I've seen it with my own eyes, many times!   
And before I know it, she's asleep again. If not in her body, in her thoughts. She suddenly stops, and then goes over to the water bucket, the one next to the food bucket, those that are both filled every day by the alpha.   
The alpha.   
I've never met a dog as fearsome or commanding as my alpha. Not one dog would believe me unless he met him. Lots of dogs have laughed when I told them my alpha is a person! He towers over any dog, as stout as a leaf-dropper's trunk and as steady as one, too. His paws are long and limber (like any person's paws), if not the greatest and most terrifying there has ever been. They stretch a whole face across, capable of grabbing your nape and hoisting you into the air, which would not be too bad if the frightening flight was not befriended with a striking, blinding pain and a firm slap to the rump. "Get in the yard," he would say firmly. "Stay in the fence." I learned quickly to listen when he made his piercing, stabbing, biting, fearfully sky-eyed stare. I did not fight back. I did not say no.   
He was alpha.   
Star was wild, a wife that could make a sire's chest puff with pride, but she neither denied the authority of the alpha. At least, not as much as she once had.   
The day she discovered she could leap, she hoisted herself right over the fence of our old yard. The thing was taller than three beagles, and she could clear the gap between gate and ground and pull herself over to freedom. Every day for a week she would do that very thing. The peoples didn't get how she could escape, and chased her for hours and hours. Every time she was brought back, her rear would hurt, but her pride was unmistakable. She hoisted her head high, even when she was finally chained to keep her in the yard. Those were darker times for her. Despite her pride, and her occasional her lack of freedom left her miserable and morose. She would lay next to me at night, asking me to recount the events of the garden, of the places around our land she could not see. We grew closer in that time.   
When we were moved to a new yard, she was ecstatic. The fence was much greater, much taller than even she could ever bound, but it meant she was no longer tethered to the ground, to the stairs, or to the house. She was free. She even would build up the courage to break out of the gate when a silly half-person would leave the gate open. She even got me to do the same. Her restless, boisterous attitude was infectious, even to the humans.   
Today, though, is a day that seems to have the specific purpose of setting out to ruin such a mood. The bright, sweaty sun was hiding behind his gray, dreary cohorts in the sky, who I wasn't sure if they were friends or foe. He never seemed to fight them off, but only tried to peer past them every once in a while. Try as I might to beckon him, he never stayed long. He always seemed to disappear again. Today he had been gone far too long, and his dreary cousins were crying all over me. I never understood the mysterious folks in the sky. Their tears are so much bigger than mine.   
Past my right shoulder was Star, laying on the bed. She was not asleep, but curled on the flat, itchy blue blanket that covered the bright red and black checkered beds, and the other bright furnitures of the boy person. She looked out at the yard, particularly alert and stationed. She always got like this. Something would catch her ear, something as simple as a squirrel's chatter, and she'd become immediately attentive. I decided to ask what was going on this time.   
"Star, what are you doing?" I asked. I wasn't particularly interested, but I was bored. She didn't move her eyes, but stared straight ahead and responded in a steady, focused voice. "The back gate. There's a man there."    
I raised my nose to the sky. Sure enough, a smoky scent prominently stood forth above the others of wet grass and wood. "That person is there all the time, Star. Why do you care about him?"   
Star turned at me. "Why does he always smell that way? Always like he's making a fire, even though there's never any fire to be found near him." She affixed her gaze to the same spot. Her curiosity flared from her nostrils to her hackles, which weren't raised in a way that could be seen, but that which could be smelled.    
Where I was, I could not see the man, but I could see the smoke. It wafted up from behind the fence in a thin wisp that disappeared into the sky. 'Where did it come from?' I wondered. Suddenly, the man stepped forward. He was getting closer to the gate.    
Star's breath became short. She cocked her head forward, vulturing her neck past her perch where she now stood at the highest point on the itchy blue blanket. "He's getting closer," she growled.    
Another step. She held her breath, now.   
I caught myself holding mine. Suddenly, the man was suspicious. Who was he? Did he have a purpose getting closer? What did he want?    
I was laying down before, but now my rump was off the ground, ever so little. My legs became taught, my tail poised straight and tall.   
Another step.   
Star shook in place. "The man is coming into our yard," she snarled. "Who does he think he is?" I didn't question her. I wasn't really sure, yet, but it looked that way. The man was right around the fence. He drew closer.    
And closer.   
Suddenly, with a single powerful spring of her legs, Star launched herself into a missile-fire tackle towards the strong metal gate! She bayed a throatsome low note, and a powerful howl erupted from her very stomach! The war call!    
I was sure of it, now. The man was after our people! He was coming into our yard! His smoke was everywhere, it filled my nose with it's thick scent! I leapt from my sleeping position and dashed behind Star, her tail signaling her path to the offender. I inhaled, and let loose a deep, mighty howl that shook the very trees, even the chicken coop! This man would not come into our yard, not if I could help it!   
I found myself colliding with the gate, standing up on two paws to try and peer past it at the assailant. I could see him now, a brazen two leg with a little coat of coarse black fur covering his mouth. In it was a small white-and-yellow stick, with smoke seeping out of it. The end of the stick appeared to be burning. I bayed at him over and over again, and Star let out a guttural growl with each bark, raising her voice as much as she could with each bark.    
The man leaped with fear! We had him in the clutches of terror, and rightly so. We beagles are a fearsome bunch in and of ourselves! He seemed nervous now, but then a grin spread across his half-naked face. An ugly grin, filled with yellow rotting teeth and a glinting set of eyes that made your coat stand up on end.    
The man laughed at us.    
"Oh-ho! Fearsome pups, aren'tchya? You had me frightened out of my jeans for a second there. Loud little mutts!" He cackled. He howled back at us and threw his head back again.    
I couldn't believe him! how dare he? Were we a joke to him? Pups!? I snarled, pushing against the gate with my front paws as much as I could. The thing wouldn't budge, but I didn't care. Every ounce of me desired to bite at that man's ankles, just once! The gate rattled from my strikes, and I bayed louder!    
Suddenly, behind me, the big clear door swung open, and the boy's voice rang out across the yard. "Snoopy! What are you barking about?" He called. Star and I both shot a glance towards him, and both flipped back to face our enemy. Star howled again, and the boy shouted again. "Hey! No more! No more barking!" I barked anyway. The man waved at the boy. "Nice dogs you've got! They're loud buggers," he laughed. I barked again. He seemed friendly, but I took no chances.   
Then the boy was there, and his hand was on my back. "Yeah, sorry about that. They're really nice, I promise! They just bark a lot," he said. He stroked my back softly. "Good boy, Snoop. No more." I kept my eyes on that man. My boy seemed at ease, but I wasn't fooled easily. I growled, and the boy patted my back firmly. "No more." The man spun on his heel and walked away, dropping the smoke-stick on the ground. With a stamp of his foot, it was out.    
The boy strolled over next to my wife and pet her, too. She was still on edge, her tail straight into the air, quivering slightly. She didn't take her eyes off the man until he was out of sight, and even then, she was reluctant to remove her gaze. The boy laughed and spoke softly to her. "Silly beagle. He's gone," he said softly. "You're a good girl, keeping the house safe. Good girl!" Star looked at him, and a smile broke out on her face. Her tongue leapt out from behind her glinted white teeth, and she beamed with pride as the boy praised her. With a final pat on Star's head, he turned around and left, running his hand on my back before he went into the house again.   
Star locked her energetic eyes onto mine, and puffed out her chest. "Did you see that? I scared that man right off! The two-legged walking smoke-face didn't dare get into my yard!" I harrumphed at her. "Your yard? It's our yard! And I did just as much scaring as you did. Get your ears out of your eyes."    
"What? I was there hours before you were," Star shot back indignantly. "If it weren't for me, he would've been far too confident in himself to back off. Besides, what's scary about you, tubbs?" I growled at her. "For one, I'm a man. I'm stockier than you are, sure, but I have more strength."    
"What!? You have more strength just because you're a man? Some man. You can't chase a cat more than a ball's throw, let alone follow it up a leaf-dropper."   
"You can't, either!"    
Star turned up her snout. "I can jump over the fence, can't I?"   
"You COULD-"   
"I could, and I did, at least before the stupid thing decided to go and get taller! Not even Boaz could could try and clear that fence. Not that he'd try to, anyway. That dog was as dumb as a rock."   
I snorted. "He's a golden retriever, not a jumper."    
"And what has that to do with any of it? The idiot was almost taller than our last fence, and he didn't even have common sense to think that he could just walk over it!" Star retorted. "He didn't even have the brains to sleep in his dog-house when he was raining. At least I'm clever. I could climb a leaf-dropper if I put my mind out of it!"   
I chuckled. "I would love to see you try," I said. Star stamped her paw on the ground. "Watch me!" She barked. With a flick of her white-tipped tail, she spun to face the one leaf-dropper in our yard. It had a thin trunk that was at least 9 dog-ears up to the closest branch. Or maybe 5, if you used Basset ears. There was no way Star could leap to grab one; she would have to climb to make it up to where she could grab a branch.   
  I plopped down on my rump and lay with my paws crossed. "I'm waiting," I cooed. She hunched her shoulders. I didn't have to see her face to tell she was determined to prove me wrong. She pawed the ground she stood on and took a few steps back, lining a path with her eyes towards her target. It was just past the porch, only a tail's length from it and a few tail-lengths out away from it. Star backed past me all the way to the other end of the porch and stopped. With a snort of her snout, she dashed for the leaf-dropper head on, and leapt up the trunk.   
With a skitter and a scratch of her claws, Star latched onto the leaf-dropper and squeezed it with all of her might, her paws scraping against the bark. As I watched, her efforts soon began to fail as she frantically pawed over and over up the trunk before she flipped to her side and rolled against the tree. With a yip and a thump, she found the ground. "OW!" She yelped. She sprawled over the ground for a moment and flipped onto her feet again. With a shake, she threw the dirt off of her coat.   
I couldn't help myself, she was such a sight! I rolled onto my back and let out a howl. "Now THAT was what I call a clever dog! Look at that landing!" I teased. She pulled her ears back and growled at me again. Suddenly, my own laughter was overtaken by the frantic clucks and squawks of the chickens. They had seen the whole thing, and were in an absolute frenzy over it.   
"Oh my, Spicy! Have you ever seen such a sight?" clucked Sister Margaret, a snow-white and hoity-toity hen who was the indisputable leader. The brazen, seductive brown chicken responded in fits, saying, "Oh, sister! She was a hot mess of stubborn tails and flying fur!" "Did you see how she flopped off of the tree like that?" Ember squawked, shaking her fiery gold wings nervously. "She could've broken her neck!" Sister Clavelle, the other bright white chicken, bobbed her head in agreement. "She surely could have! And all the better for it, too: we could have had one less pack of teeth trying to tear us to pieces, yes ma'am!" "She may have broken a rib, from the look of that landing! It looked like there was a root under her!" Sister Henrietta said, her own white body lost in the commotion of the other two. Barbie, on the other hand, couldn't breath a single word, as she seemed to be completely floored by what had happened. She looked like she was laughing, but no sound came out.  Instantly, there was Star, clawing angrily at the soft-metal cage. She alternated between madly chewing at the chicken coop and digging her way under it, embroiled in a mess of fury and embarrassment. "You nasty, dirty, cooing, gossipping, poxy, egg-headed, conceited, lousy, thimble-rigging, pointy nosed fowl! You're all LUNCH!" She barked. She snorted furiously and growled at the chickens, who had now changed from a state of hilarity to a state of fearsome pandemonium. They scurried about, dodging bits and pieces of dirt that shot about from Star's clawing paws and saliva that slobbered out of her raging jaws.   
I sat and yawned. This was normal. I never bothered the chickens unless they had food in their coop, in which I made every effort to get from them. I'm absolutely sure my owners are purposely starving me. It's not often, but sometimes I tell myself if that if those cuckooing birds ever step out of their cage, it'll be a meal I've been meaning to catch up on. They get far too much to eat anyway. What do the people find so valuable anyway? I'm not the only one that poops something back for them. What makes those eggs so special? Is it just 'cause they're white? Do they have something against black poop?     
I stretched out my paws in front of of me and curled up into my bed. It wasn't particularly dark out, but it was my favorite thing to do. At least, when my person isn't walking me. I did my best to shut out Star's vulgar growls and the bawking chickens, and I sat and listened to the yard.    
The sea of sun-yellowed grass hazed together in a sea of still strands, blending into what seemed like a faraway field. The wind blew through them, but they made no sound. They were gone, now, never to wisp until after the sun became bright and warm again. For now, it chose to leave us, and shrink away into the gray clouds, smaller and colder than before. Goodbye sun, I thought. It was closer to the edge of the fence, now, soon to disappear from sight. I wondered if it would come back. The night dragged on, and Star continued her rampage against the hens. I closed my eyes and dozed off for a while... 
Soon, I felt Star slip into the doghouse beside me. The heat-light was on over us outside of the door. It was totally dark out, now, but a few stars peeked back at my Star next to me from beyond the alpha's small house. She seemed like she had sufficiently tired herself out, and she slumped wordlessly next to me for a few moments. After a while, she sighed deeply. "Snoopy. Are you awake?" She said softly. I harrumphed at her, feeling no desire to put together words. "Harrumph." "Oh, sorry. Didn't mean to wake you," she said.   
"Mmph."   
Star sat and stared out of the doghouse a while longer before she took a deep breath again. "I'm so bored of this place, Snoopy. I'm tired of being in the back yard all the time." I didn't bat an eye. She always did this. Nevertheless, I felt extra compassionate at the moment. "Mmph?" I said sympathetically. Star moved in what appeared to be a nod. "Yes, I'm tired of it. Nothing ever happens here. The chickens always make fun of me, and my person has completely forgotten about me!" I moved and turned to lay my head next to hers. "Mmph?" "Yes! she never takes me on walks anymore, Snoop. I think she hates me!"    
Now I knew I had to say something. Star could get a little extreme, and it was my duty to keep her on planet earth. "She doesn't hate you, Star," I muttered. "What!?" She responded a bit hysterically. "I said she doesn't hate you." "What makes you say that!?"    
"Well, she still feeds you, doesn't she?"   
"Barely! I'm sure she's starving me to make me skinny enough to eat!"    
"Star, that doesn't make any sense."    
Star growled roughly. "Whatever. Besides, it's really the alpha that feeds me anyway."    
"But doesn't your person come out and pet you every once in a while?" I implored. Star plopped her head on the bed. "Barely. And I'm sure it's just to check and see if I'm 'ready' yet." "Star, she's not going to eat you. And besides, what about all the people that come in the back yard? They manage to keep things interesting. They have so many smells, and there are so many different people that come out with our people into the yard. Think of the kids!"   
Star wasn't impressed. "The kids!? The kids are one of the reasons I want to get out of here. They're always shouting and chasing me around when I'm trying to sleep. And then when I do want to play, they hit me and kick me! They pull my ears and grab my fur!" "They're people-pups, Star," I replied. "They're bound to be a little annoying sometimes. Besides, they're just young ones. May I remind you that you've survived two litters of real pups, too. Young ones can't be all that bad. They keep the yard lively." I lied a little, here; I was in the same boat as Star. Those brats had as much appeal as an empty dish.   
She was insistent. "Be that as it may, that's just the problem. It's the same yard!" She whined. "Snoopy, there are worlds out there. Don't you ever think about the dogs that might live off in the mountains? The ones that are all by themselves, with no boundaries or fences? Don't you ever think about the dogs that live off the land, fight for their own prey, and spend every day finding something new? The ones that have lives? I mean, what do we do every day?" It took me a moment to realize this wasn't a rhetorical question. "We sit and protect the yard, don't we?"    "That's just it! We do nothing! Nothing at all, every single day." I was going to mention that my person walked me around sometimes, but I knew it would do more harm than good. She ranted on. "We sit around in this dumb yard all the time! I want to do something more with my life! I want to live a life worth living, Snoopy. I want to go out and have an adventure!" "Star-" "Snoopy, I want to get out of here! There is more to life beyond the fence!" She declared finally. I shook my head. I didn't know what to do, or what to say. I closed my eyes and and chose to try and go to sleep again. I could sense Star was doing the same.    
I was happy for the heat-lamp. It was cold outside.
