---
layout: writing
title: Beagles! - Chapter 2
categories:
- stories
- beagles
comments: true
---

Chapter Two.

    A sudden sound awoke me, and I shot up in attention. 'What was that?' I wondered. I looked over next to me and saw that my husband had ignored the sound. Typical of him; he'll sleep through anything. I think his fat covers his ears at times. I snuck under the heat lamp and out of the dog-house. It was light out, now, but the sun was just behind the trees. It was early. 
    Suddenly, the sound caught my attention again. This time I saw what it was, and I relaxed, but only a little. It was the alpha, taking our food out of the food can and feeding us our rations. Finally. I heard Snoopy clunk against the side of the dog-house when the alpha began to pour out the food into the dish. Eager to make sure the alpha didn't change his mind, I raced over to the food bowls, keeping as far of a distance as I could out of reach from him while still being as near to the food as possible. As soon as he was away from it, I knew I had little time to eat before he might take it away. 
    I seemed to have caught his attention. His eyes locked onto mine for a brief moment, and I held my breath. He reached his hand out towards me, and I was sure he was preparing to throw me across the yard this time, or worse, pull of my ears. I ducked my head and prepared for impact.
    To my surprise, I suddenly found myself being stroked calming on the top of the head and along my back. I looked up as best as I could and saw that he was baring his teeth at me. "Goooood girl," he cooed. I knew he was patronizing me, trying to get my guard down. I wouldn't have it. I watched him intently, keeping my tail down. He might strike at any moment.
    Snoopy suddenly came by my side, and I felt a little more eased. I knew that he would save me if the alpha tried to turn on us, now. The alpha took his hand off of me and lay it Snoopy's head. "Goooood boy," he said. I couldn't tell if Snoopy was in the same boat I was about this, but nevertheless, I could tell he was cautious, too. The alpha scratched his ears for a few moments and then took our water bucket over to the hose.
    Snoopy and I took this moment of brief distraction and began to choke down our portions as quickly as possible. We tried to breath as little as we could, and I kept a sharp eye on the alpha. Snoopy didn't seem to even bother watching out for the return of the alpha: he just did absolutely everything he could to ensure that he got every morself of his food before the alpha could even think of taking it away from him. He was even ready to fight for it if he had to. He accidentally gagged himself more than once.
    The alpha was back far too soon with the water bucket. He set it down next to the food and stood over us a moment. I kept a keen eye on him, fear filling the depths of my very soul. I had a mouthful already, and I chewed it slowly, glaring up at his equally watchful eye. Snoopy gagged again. The alpha looked over at him and laughed. "Slow down, Snoop! You'll choke on your food," he chuckled. With a turn of his foot, he was in the house. 
    I finally relaxed. Apparently he felt mercy on us today. Snoopy finished the rest of his food; I think he went even faster than before after the alpha left. Perhaps the alpha's warning had panicked him. I decided it would be best if I finished my meal as well. I would need my strength for today.
    As soon as I had finished my meal, I began patrolling the fence. After the incident with the burglar that nearly got in yesterday, I was determined to make sure that no one else got into my yard. At least, for as long as I remained here. I started at the corner next to the big gate, where the grass ended and the rocks began. There was a small gap under there, enough for a mouse or a cat to get through. Then again, a cat could also get over the fence anywhere for that matter.
    Stupid cats.
    As a precaution, I scanned the top of the fence all around the perimeter where I could see from where I stood. Nothing. Not a bird, not  a cat, not a squirrel... nothing. Good. They knew better than to deal with me. I walked along the fence and check the holes. All of them had been more than sufficiently covered up. In fact, the fence had pretty much had been entirely lined with gravel rocks where there wasn't concrete. The people had said that I was for the sake of making things look pretty, but I knew the truth. They were keeping me trapped in here. 
    I walked along the fence line into the grassed yard, and beyond that to under the small tower and into the garden. where the garden was, there were again rocks. The pumpkins and squash and tomatoes had managed to grow in their own boxes on top of the rocks, and there was no loose soil for me to dig through. I patrolled behind and around the shed, carefully pacing my way through the vines. A spider crossed my path, but I paid no mind to it. I decided to spare it's life. 
    Around the shed was the chicken coop. All of the hens were up in the loft, and I did my best to tread quietly. I didn't want to wake them: those loud, incessant little fowl would almost certainly compromise my vigil. More rocks lined the side of the fence and led to the metal gate that led into the alleyway where the man had tried to invade. I could still smell his smoky remains. Breathing in fire, breathing out smoke, covering their bodies in that thick, awful smell... I can not understand humans and their disgusting habits. 
    The gate led along back into the grassy yard again, and the yard curved around to the front of the alpha's small-house. He spent much of his time in here during the day, and went into the big house only every so often and at night. Mysterious: what was he working on in there? I peered through the glass sliding door and glanced about. Two huge metal monsters sat in the middle of the room, surrounded by smaller, two-wheeled ones. The alpha must be the man that makes all of the metal monsters on the streets that I see outside of the yard. That would makes sense as to why he spends so much time in there; there are so many of them on the streets. Perhaps he has assistants.
    Nothing else of interest was in there. I continued my search. The yard curled around to the side of the house where a somewhat narrow passage led to another small garden where the tomatoes used to be. Another gate was at the end of the fence, but it too had rocks under it. I lined around the fence, sniffing for any marks that were different or unusual from those that we had already set. 
    Suddenly I stopped and gacked. This scent was foreign to me... and I suddenly remembered. 
    This was Nell's scent.
    I hadn't known her for very long, but we had gotten to a rough start. One of the times I had managed to get out of the yard, we crossed paths. While I was trying get her out my way, the boy caught me. And then, to make matters worse, he brought her back home into my yard! The nerve. The old girl stayed mostly in one spot and avoided me, but she seemed to have made herself well enough at home. Feh.
    I figured Snoopy would cover that later. I made my way back to the front of the back porch, and met the spot where I had began my keep of the yard.
    Nothing.
    I sighed. It was hopeless! My people had known me for long enough and had caught me so many times that they finally had covered every base. My heart sunk. There didn't seem to be ANY way out of here. 
    Snoopy was laying on the porch, and I decided there wasn't anything else I could do but plop down next to him. "Mandangit! Snoopy, it's hopeless. They've blocked every single route of escape out of this joint!" Snoopy harrumphed at me. I hated it when he did that. "What did you expect? You've escaped and have been caught so many times. They've got you figured out." 
    "That's easy for you to say! I still don't get how they catch me first every time. I think they've given up on catching you more times than they've caught me! How do you do it!?" I was so frustrated. I meant what I said: every time we managed to get out of the yard together, the people always came after me instead of him. There were many times after they would catch me that they would go out an look for him, only to come back confounded. For a dog of his wide berth, he was notoriously talented at staying hidden.
    Probably because he was white.
    Snoopy puffed out his chest slightly and chuckled. "Maybe because I don't howl at everything I see. The humans have ears, too, you know." "Shut up, you." I sat and stared at the yard. I was stumped. I was bored. I was depressed. Things had become mundane and boring. Can't anything exciting happen around here anymore?
    At least it couldn't get any worse.
    To my surprise, I caught something out of the corner of my eye. Was that...? 
    It was.
    My hackles were suddenly raised. I crept to my feet and locked my eyes on what had entered my yard.
    It was a cat.
    Snoopy saw it, too, and his breathing was yanked into motionlessness. A small yip escaped his throat, and the cat's muscles suddenly drew taut. It was now or never-!
    "BROWR!" I bayed, charging towards the invader with everything I had. This cat was going DOWN. Snoopy waddled close behind. The cat was terrified; it looked like it was completely incapable of getting out of the way. Without warning, at the last moment, it bolted across the yard and behind the chicken coop. I was sure it was going to try and jump up the wall and out of the yard, and I was determined to catch him.
    I was around that coop in a blink of an eye. But wait-! Where was the cat. I searched along the top of the wall, but there seemed to be no trace. Had he gotten away-? Wait! There he was! To my surprise, he was inside the chicken coop. He sat and batted his face, a coy grin spread across his face. "Well, well, well," he said with a cunning purr. To my surprise, the he was a she. "Lucky me. I was almost sure I'd have to give up ever finding anything to eat, but now..." My skin crawled at her condescending tone. I hated cats. 
    Snoopy barked out from behind me, saying, "Get out of there you four-legged feline! Those are MY hens." I raised my brow. "OUR chickens," I corrected him. The cat sneered. "Sure, YOUR chickens. I can definitely tell by how you've corralled them up so well... You've even penned them up and kept them out of your own reach!" She let out a drawling laugh. "Stupid dogs." Snoop was indignant. "How did you get in there!?" He snapped. "Magic," the cat replied, licking it's forepaws and rubbing them against it's face. "Maybe you'll understand when you get yourselves a proper brain."
    "HEY!" I barked. "Nobody talks to my husband like that, except me." 
    "Your husband?" The cat replied. It seemed to choke back a laugh. "You married that tub of fur? Darling! Surely you must have been out of your mind to-!" I interrupted her with a ferocious, steady growl. I scanned along the gate, looking for a crack in it, or anything that could get me to that cat. Nothing. The cat stared hard back at me. "Look at you. A menagerie of black fur and empty threats. That's all you are." 
    "Shut your highbrow jaws."
    "Make me."
    The cat flicked her tail, sitting with a steady gaze. I burned every ounce of intimidation I could into my single stare. I was determined to see her crack. The wind blowed. The grass rustled. A chicken flapped her feathers.
    The cat cocked her head forward at me. "Make a move, mu-" and at that moment, I let out the loudest howl I had ever the audacity to bay. My own voice choked with rage and sheer determination, and what began as a throaty terror grumbled into a piercing cry that shook the very coop! The cat leapt into the air, absolutely terrified. The chickens, equally startled, flew into a startled mess of clucks and feathers. I was sure at least one of them had fallen from their perch, as I hard a distinct "thwump" from above.
    The cat doubled it's size, puffing itself up into the biggest form it could muster. The height of it's fur grew to that of my tail, and it's terror mixed with a raging hiss as it prepared to defend itself. The cat yowled, and I barked at her over and over again. The noise was incredible! Snoopy joined with me in chorus, and for what seemed like fierce, bleeding minutes, the skies shook with the noise of my own mighty cries.
    Suddenly, more shouts mingled with the sounds of the chaos, and I heard my name being called. I paid no heed, but I smelled the impending approach of a small human. Then there were more shouts as another came out, and then another. 
    Above all the blinding noise, one of them suddenly shot through the mix, and my ears perked up from the sound. 
    It was my mother. 
    "STAR!" She said. I backed off for just a moment, afraid that her fierce voice was in anger at me. Then, when I caught sight of her, I saw her grin, and her lips moved in a familiar pattern with the words that sparked my heart into flames. "Sic! Bite! KILL!" She called. I didn't make a moment's hesitation. I charged into the wire fence and clawed under the coop, digging as fast as my paws could possibly bear. I felt a belly against mine, and realized it was Snoopy. 
    With a single move of her arms, the alpha's wife tore the wall off of the side of the coop and reached into where the chickens were frantically milling about. The cat, at this moment, was trying to find a way of escape and in her frenzy she leapt towards the wooden ramp that led up to into the keep of the coop. At that same moment, the alpha's wife had grabbed a hold of that ramp and yanked it upwards out of the feeding ground where the cat was. The cat's claws skidded against the soft wood. With a yowl, it's paws and head were whacked against the roof of the feeding ground and it fell to the floor with a caterwauling hiss. 
    "Oh-!" The alpha's wife cried. She flew back with her hand and fell to her rump. The chickens came flurrying out of the coop, clucking madly and flapping their wings furiously in dreaded terror! Spicy, the thinnest chicken, somehow managed to leap out of the coop onto the shed, which was directly next to the chicken coop. The chicken, seeing the pandemonium below it, hysterically ran towards the edge of the fence and jumped. My eyes affixed on the runaway fowl, now, and I howled at it to get my mother's attention.
    She was smart. Seeing the rear of the chicken pass over the fence, she called to her family and pointed over the fence. "Look!" She said. The others didn't seem to understand, and the other chickens were rushing around the yard and causing a ruckus. The cat had now snuck under the fence and wisely leapt over the wall. My mother called again, and this time explained that one of the hens had gotten out. The youngest one opened the gate to take chase after it.
    Then I saw it. 
    My chance.
    I didn't think twice about it. With a kick of my heels, I dashed out of the gate between the legs of the youngest one and burst into the alleyway. "STAR!" She screamed, furiously kicking at me as I passed under her. I ignored her malicious blows and narrowed my body into the most focused form that I could. I focused every ounce of my energy into my strides and dashed for the streets. I heard the shouts of the people behind me, and I heard my mother call my name. Instinctively, I stopped for a moment. I turned my head and looked back behind myself. 
    I felt emotions rush back to me. This was my mother, the one who raised me from when I was a pup. Was I willing to just leave her, now? She did raise me. She did name me. She did take care of me. Should I be doing this-?
    Suddenly, I saw the youngest child burst around the corner and chase after me, shouting angrily. My heart stopped in it's tracks, and I knew I had to run. I turned tail and fled as fast as I could! I knew for a fact that I could outrun the smallest one, but I couldn't take chances. Not to mention that where there was one of them, the others would soon be after me too.
    I sped out of the alleyway and turned to my left, careening down the sidewalk. I didn't know where I was going, but I knew I had to get my assailants off of my tail. To my left was a row of connected houses, and to my right was the street. This street was familiar; it was the street that separated my pack's old home from our new one. Should I hide there...?
    No, that wouldn't be smart. They might think to look there. I needed to get faraway and into a place that they wouldn't think to look. I could go and find Boaz. He might know what to do... No! That was a stupid idea. That dog doesn't even seem to know that he can get out of his own yard. What good would a dog with a brain like that be to my trying to escape?
    Without my realizing it, I had now run past our street. My gait was no longer rushed, but I was moving quickly as to keep a steady distance without exhausting myself. It hadn't been that long ago since I had done this. Getting out of the fence took time, but it wasn't difficult. You only have one shot when you get out, though. If the people catch you, they more often than not seem to find where you escaped and cover that spot up. If you can't break the cover, the you have to find a new spot. 
    The air was brisk, and the sunlight did little to beat down and cause me to sweat. My coat kept me warm, but it didn't suffocate me. It was perfect weather for a run. The wind blew through your ears, the ground was nice and cool on your paws, encouraging you to spring forward and not to stop and savor the warm ground. 
    Then, something caught my eye. I stopped to get a better look, despite the nagging feeling in the back of my mind that I had to keep moving. Was that-? Yes, it was. It was a squirrel! 
    I shook myself. Star, this isn't the time. You're trying to run away. You can't focus on chasing after squirrels right now. And yet as I told my self this, that squirrel seemed to glare at me. Was it-? Yes! It seemed to be taunting me! Look at it, shaking it's tail at my face. Look at him so casually sitting there, looking at me with those black, bold, beady little eyes! Why, I oughtta grab him by his pretentious little paws and-!
    Hold on. Keep it together. I had to keep going. The sounds of footsteps- several pairs of footsteps -echoed through the neighborhood. I smelled the youngest one and the boy after me. I had to keep moving! I closed my eyes and strode past the squirrel, slowly and with as much control as I could. I just had to put him behind me, and I could keep going. I did my best to suppress my desire to attack him as I put one foot in front of the other. One, two, one, two, one, two, one, two...
    I was right next to it, now. I had expected it to run away if I took another step closer, but I could smell it. It was supremely confident in itself. It seemed to understand my plight, and it refused to run away from me. That made me hate it all the more. I suppressed my anger and took another step forward.
    Then, it felt it's breath hot on my ear as it whispered at me. "What? Not good enough for ya?" It sneered. I growled at it, hoping it would flee, and took another step. It didn't budge. "I smell chicken on you. Have yourself a little snack? Or maybe," he mocked, "maybe you were just getting back from socializing with some. I know your type: gossiping women. Always the same, no matter what species you are. Pick a little, talk a little, all of you." "Shut up," I snarled. My paws trembled as I took another step away from him. I heard his paws patter next to mine. "Cheep, cheep, cheep," he cooed in my ear. I snapped at him voraciously, determined to end him here and there. He leapt back, and with another chattering call, he said, "Oh, and is that cat I smell? Funny, I never imagined a dog like you to enjoy the company of a cat." I stopped. My paws trembled far too much. I tried to take a deep breath. "Are you seeing one, maybe? You seem like you'd be the type to-" That was it.
    With every bit of rage in me, I howled in the face of that squirrel and charged into it madly. The squirrel screeched a wonderfully terror-filled cry and ran off in the other direction, kicking up dirt in it's back paws like a pattering pup that had just learned to walk and hadn't the skill to do it right. I knew that I could catch it, and I shot forward to grab onto it's tail. With a snap of my jaws, I bit as hard as I could-!
    The squirrel propelled itself forward and suddenly disappeared, leaving my teeth to snatch nothing but bits of dirty squirrel fur and empty air. 
    And then the tree was suddenly there.
    With a CRACK! My vision suddenly blinked and blurred. Lights flashed everywhere, and my head met a searing pain that caused me to let out a yelp. Rage, pain, and frustration boiled out of my voice, and I blinked as furiously as I could to try and bring my vision back. My resolve waned as I struggled to get to my feet. I was too dizzy...
    After a few moments, I took a deep breath and rolled upright- Oof. Slowly, I did it slowly. I felt nauseous, and a splitting headache clouded and pierced my thoughts. I pushed up slowly with my front paws and sat up. "Ooohh..." I groaned. I blinked again. The light seemed to be piercing and far, far too bright now. I gacked a little, coughing and shivering. That one really took it out of me, I had to admit. The world slowly became straight again, and I slowly got to all four of my feet. 
    Above me and over a few meters, I heard a snappy chatter again. I didn't bother to look up; the light was far too bright, and I didn't want to risk laying down again. The squirrel laughed at me again from it's high perch in the trees. "Quite a crash you had, there! Too colorblind to see a tree in front of you? Bah!" He fell into a shrill, chittering laughter, but I didn't care. I slunk off, my body in far too much pain to really care what he said. 
    I wandered across the street into another yard and stared at the ground for a moment. Every bit of resolve in me seemed to have been knocked out by that tree. The smells around me seemed to take more prominence in my mind as I stood there in confusion and waning pain.
Flowers. That was what I smelt the most. A swirling confection of leftover scents overtook my mind and wrapped me in colors and shapes. Faint reds bloomed with what seemed like remnants of fiery swells, bristling out in swirling circles. They made you feel alive when you walked by them. 
The sweet purple violets were weakly grinning in a lovely dark contrast to their brighter peers: supportive, firm, convincing, and all their own. The blues were understanding and cool, comforting you in their calm grasp of your attention; the daisies were bright and cheery, egging you on with their innate happy attitude. They were like triangles: they stuck out from the bunch. They were themselves.
    Truth be told, though, none of them were very confident in their resolves anymore. They weren't strong or very alive. The icy grip of the wintry season that was upon had already begun to sap away their beauty and strength. I pitied their weakness, not in a high attitude or one of pride, but in sympathy. Like them, I felt like a sharp and bitter-biting blow had finally knocked out the strength I had already felt slowly been draining out of my body. The stresses and fears of the world around me had slowly begun to pile on our backs, threatening to break us in our steadfast wills. We were sure we could power through this and survive, although we were less sure now than we were when we started. And then, out of nowhere, the brutal grip of winter and the pain of crashing headlong into our weakness left us without direction, without strength. The flowers were all snapped and broken with little remains of their old strength in one fell swoop, as was I.
    I heard the ants crawl along the ground, scrounging for whatever remnants of food they could find. The birds were almost gone, but a few crowed from the treetops. The grass was turning brown. The sun hid behind a cloud. The wind blew over my fur. In the distance, another dog barked. 
    Barked...
    Suddenly, I remembered what Snoopy had said. He had always managed to escape capture by keeping quiet, and what do I go and do? I start howling at a confounded squirrel!
    I knew that the people had an idea of where I was, now. I sprang to my feet. Now I was scared. What if they found me? My momma would hate me. She would never speak to me again. The others would spank me and hit me, and throw me back into the yard. That awful yard... That boring, awful yard! I couldn't go back to that! 
    I didn't know where to go, though. What was I doing? What had I expected to do when I got out? This was the worst plan ever. I tried to get a hold of myself. 'Okay Star, think,' I said. 'Pick a direction and go there. Maybe this will work itself out.'
    I was already facing the road towards the park, so I decided to go that way. I skipped forward in a nervous, jerky pace. I didn't want to run, because I was sure I would get caught. Someone would hear me. But I couldn't walk, or else I would be a sitting duck. What if they trapped me?
    I started walking faster, nervously pacing towards the end of the sidewalk. There was a road here. I needed to keep an eye out for cars. The road was here. I should stop. I didn't. Was that a car? It sounded like one. I jerked my head to the left and to the right. There was one to my right. But it was far away. I was across the street. The sidewalk was suddenly softer. Wait, was this grass? It was grass.
    I relaxed, but just a little. The soft grass felt infinitely better than the cold, scathing sidewalk. I looked around the park. There were a few people sitting at the tables, wrapped in bundles of cloth, all the way across the park. Why would they choose to be out here in the cold on a day like today? They didn't have fur. They must be freezing. Why didn't they just go home? 
    There was a dog with one of them, but he was asleep and didn't seem to notice me. I knew his type: shepherds. German shepherds, to be exact. They were notorious lady-chasers and very determined, or so I had heard. Nary had I met one that wasn't a stuck-up daisy-sniffing klutz with a brain made of macho pride. I wasn't impressed by their ilk, despite the fact that they were impressive smellers. It would take more than a cool nose to have me fall head-over-heels for one. Besides, I was married. I wasn't allowed to do that.
    Unfortunately, it was at that moment that I remembered that they were top-notch noses. The dog next to one of the bundled men eyes' popped open, and he could smell that I was there. It took him only a moment to see where I was, and he barked at me. "Hey, there! Are you lost, pidgeon?" I rolled my eyes. Hadn't heard that, before. I walked on, seeing that his intents weren't malicious. He kept barking after me with other crude lines, and I chose to ignore him. Before long, I was next to the large stone fountain across the park on the side opposite that the shepherd was laying. He didn't try and give chase, so I assumed he was leashed to the spot. 
    The fountain was empty, and I cursed my lucklessness. I sat there and pouted for a while, kicking at the pebbles next to me into the empty basin. I looked around. The park was always an active place, and yet at the same time, it was mysteriously peaceful, especially in the winter time. Here all around me were more big metal monsters roaring down the streets that surrounded the park, and none of them thought to come into it. It was almost like magic, like a mysterious force kept them out. It made the park all the more like a sanctuary. 
    I turned to check on the shepherd again, making sure he hadn't tried to escape his leash and come after me. He was still there, and he was still watching me. His owner seemed to have some friends, now, that he was talking to.
    Then a chill ran down my spine.
    It was my people. Three of them, now: my mother, the youngest, and the boy. They were after me, even now. Hadn't it been hours? You would think that they would have given up. What if they had already caught Snoopy? 
    Panic set in, and I searched around me for a place to hide. I looked behind me and saw that the fountain had steps within it and a lot of think green leaves that covered most of the fountain. Maybe I could hide in there.
    The steps were across the basin, which was as deep as I was tall. I could leap twice my height up, so that wasn't a problem. But the fountain was wide. Should I try to leap across? If I take too long, they might see me crawling out of the fountain. I needed to take the chance and get to the steps as quickly as I could. 
    Lining up the jump with my eyes, I prepared to do the impossible. With a swipe of my paw, I took the first step and rushed towards the edge. Just as I pressed my right-front paw to the edge to leap, another sudden bark rang out from across the park. It echoed through the empty fountain below me, and my heart skipped a beat. With a crash and a yelp, I hit the bottom of my jaw on the other side of the basin and fell into the bottom of it. 
    More shouts erupted from across the park and rang into the basin. My ears hurt from the echoes, and the sound of my name filled the space all around me. Adrenaline rushed through my limbs, and fear grasped my limbs. I had to get out of there! They knew where I was! I couldn't go back!
    I scrambled to my feet and leapt out of the basin onto the solid ground again. Directly across the park, I saw the boy point at me and run towards me. My heart sunk.
    He was fast. 
    I scrambled away towards the large building in the middle of the park that rose from the ground, and ran onto the concrete plaza in front of it. Rounding about the great structure, I came around towards where the German shepherd was sitting. Suddenly, as he began to come into view, my mother appeared from behind the other side of the structure. The youngest one was with her. "Star, COME!" She shouted. I cowered in front of her as her hand raced for my collar.
    This is what always happened. Just when I thought I was free, one of them would find me. They were so tall, so imposing, so terrifying when they were right upon you, I knew I would have to give up. I bowed my head and waited for her to snatch me up, to beat me, to deliver me back home.
    I couldn't just get caught like this!
    Without thinking, my terror turned to agression. Her hand clamped onto my collar, and I snarled at her. My jaws lashed out and chomped onto her hand. "OW!" She screamed. She pulled her hand back in pain and looked at me with disbelief. There was pain, rage, sadness, every possible stabbing emotion in the world rolled into her face. The gaze in her eyes was more than I could handle, and I burst past her and barreled under the legs of the youngest girl. She shouted at me and grasped at me, just barely grazing over my tail. There were stairs that led up onto the great structure, and I rushed to the top of them and took a moment to catch my breath.
    I stood upon a great, open stage. Behind me was a round, rolling domed wall with a gate that stood barring entrance into it. From the looks of it, there was no way out of the shell past the gate anyway. I searched across te stage, and saw my the youngest girl to my right, and the boy to my left. My mother stood front and center, still gazing at me sadly and clutching her hand. 
    Then, the boy leapt up onto the stage. I hadn't a moment to lose, and I dashed off to my left. A ramp had caught my eye, one that I hoped would lead off the stage and away from these people. To my relief, I was running down and off of the stage and back towards the fountain. Without any other real choice, I ran off towards where I had come from.
    A sudden forced landed on top of me, and I was crushed under the grabbing hands of an unseen assailant. The breath was squeezed out of me and I could barely squeeze out a surprised yelp. The hands wrapped around my side, and I whipped around to face the person who grabbed me. To my surprise, it was the man who owned the shepherd, and the man who had apparently been talking to my people. They must have told him who I was. He was out to try and catch me, too!
    I snarled and fought against him. I'll bet my people had said something about being sweet. Unfortunately for him, I had very little choice towards being sweet right now. My teeth bit and his wiry hands and his fingers loosened for just a moment. I kicked my back paws against his face and flipped onto my side next to him. Scrambling to get up, I started to run away from him before he grabbed onto my tail. I yipped and pulled as hard as I could, but his grasp was too strong! Thinking quickly, I swung around and grappled onto his leg with my jaws. He yelped, but held fast to my tail. I ground my teeth against his leg, and he swung to hit my side. I leapt away at the last moment and with a final jerk of my tail, I broke free from him and ran for the road. 
    I ran along a narrow black path towards the road when a thought ran through my mind: where was the shepherd? I glanced over to my left, where he should have been, and realized he wasn't there. But where-? 
    A foreshadowing chill ran up my spine at the same moment that a looming shadow came over mine. I knew he was looming over me, and without looking back I ran as fast as I possibly could. My legs burned, and my breath was growing shorter and more hoarse. I thought I could taste blood in my mouth, but I was so overcome with the rush of action that I thought nothing of it. The shepherd was mounting, I could sense it. His paws beat against the pavement directly behind mine. I felt one of his claws brush against the back of my paw, and then, without warning, his jaws clamped onto my scruff.
    The breath was stolen from my lungs, and I didn't know how to react. My speedy path ended in a sudden, drastic sliding stop and I was lifted off of the ground and swung around to face the shepherd's person, who was running up to meet his dog that had now finally caught a hold of me. I lowered my head. What do I do, now? 
    A blaring horn gave the response.
    The blast tore through the air and caused the shepherd to jerk forward with a terrified spook. His jaws came loose for just a moment, and I frantically shook loose from him and landed on my paws. I turned to face what had sounded such a dreadful alarm, and my heart leapt into my throat. 
    One of the metal monsters had turned and began to make it's way into the park.
    It made a horrible metal screeching sound as it came to a grinding stop, and I dashed in between it's two wheeled feet. I was terrified. The sanctum I had known for so long was now being attacked by these beasts on the same day I tried to leave! Was this some divine power against me? Why had they chosen this day to invade? Was anyone safe!?
    The shepherd went to dive under the beast after me, but he rammed his head into the face of the monster, which had not yet stopped. The force of the colliding impact knocked him out cold, and I felt a cold dead weight in my stomach. Had the beast-?
    Another blaring filled every bit of space in my ears, and roared at me from all sides. I covered my ears with my paws and searched for a light (anywhere at all!) that I could run to. My eyes caught hold of the other side of the vehicle, and I crawled low to the ground and squeezed out of the bottom of the monster. 
    Now I faced the road that led to my old house, and I raced away towards it. It wasn't long before I heard the voices shouting after me again, and I powered every ounce of my rattling bones towards moving forward. I darted to the right and ran into an open expanse of hard concrete. There were several metal monsters sitting in here, and I raced past them as quickly as I could. None of them seemed to gave chase, and I wondered and prayed that they were asleep.
    The wind raced by me in the opposite direction which I ran. I heard more metal monsters roaring about and chose to stick to the road. I didn't care where I went now, I just ran. The houses and streets blurred by, and the sun moved across the sky as if it were running with me. The voices echoed softly behind me, but I knew that they were growing fainter. Soon, they disappeared altogether, and before I realized it, I had now ended up in an alleyway somewhere. 
    I had run for what seemed like miles. My legs were ready to give out, and I saw what appeared to be some run-down fireplace in someone's yard. I peered around and saw that no one was there, and no one seemed to see me come in. The whole yard and house seemed abandoned. Wobbling towards the fireplace, I hid myself beneath it's shelter and collapsed. 
    My mind raced with worries and thoughts, and my breathing eventually fell back to normal. The adrenaline rushing through me began to die away, and the aches and pains I had sustained began to speckle all over my body. My joints were sore, my chin ached, my head throbbed, and my paws were bloody.
    I strained my ears and listened. Only the pattering of the feet of squirrels could be heard, and maybe the bark of a distant dachshund. There were no shouts. I could not hear my name. I did not smell any humans outside near me. I felt no ominous worry.
    I took a deep breath and shivered. I didn't know what to feel. Why didn't I just stop? The thought had crossed my mind several times now. I asked my self again, and immediately my mind responded with images of the assured torture I would receive when I got home. Even more than that, the image of my mother rushed into my mind more than a few times. I could still clearly envision her heartbroken gaze, those eyes that seeped with watery tears and crushing betrayal...
    I shook my head. I couldn't bear that image. No, I couldn't bear to look at her face anymore. I couldn't go back. She'd only hate me. She'd ignore me, or probably get rid of me. I'll bet that's what the rest of them were going to do, anyway. They didn't care about me. They tried to starve me! They-!
    I couldn't handle it anymore, and I broke down in deep sobs. My heart was rent in two, and there was no one out there to help me put them back together. Sure, I had two paws to hold them in place, but no third paw to seal it together. I was wretched. I was awful. Why did I run away? Now they probably don't want to find me.
    I was all alone.
    I heard footsteps, and I raised my head to see who approached. The tears flowed from my eyes, and I did little to try and defend myself. All I could muster was a watery voice that warbled a weak, "W-w-who is that? Who's t-there?" 
    "Star?" 
