---
layout: writing
title: Beagles! - Chapter 4
categories:
- stories
- beagles
comments: true
---

I couldn't believe it. I almost wish I had been caught. 
    After my escape to the fireplace, I had only a few moments to rest before I was approached by another old "friend" of mine. She didn't seem to know how to shut up and stop... clucking.
    Barbie. 
    Apparently that cat had never found her after she successfully made it over the fence. Instead she had survived. And worse off, she had found me. What rotten luck.
    It was midnight, now, but I had to keep moving. I had to find Snoopy. If he had gotten out, I had to make sure he was okay. Like or not, he was my husband, and if we were escaping from the yard, we would have to go together. And, whether I liked it or not, he knew some things about stealth that I didn't. I needed his advice. 
    I needed him. 
    The chicken and I were trudging through the cold, biting wind down the alleyways. I didn't really know where I was going, but I was just trying to see if, just by chance, I could find a trace of him. A scent. A print. I am a hound, after all. I'm supposed to be good at this. 
    The chicken was incessant, too. "Oh, Star! I don't like this place. Where are we, now? This looks just like the other roads we've traveled down. Oh, my! Did you hear that sound? Oh, do look at that shadow! Tee hee! It actually looks like a rooster. Hey, do you think there are any roosters in this alleyway? I do hope no one finds us out here: what if we're being stalked by a bear? Or, noooo, even worse? What if we're being followed by... a cheetah? Do you think we're being followed by a cheetah, Star?"
    Argh. "No, hen, I do not believe we are being stalked by a cheetah. I would have smelled one." The chicken clucked and chittered again. "Oh, silly Star! I have a name, you know. I'm Barbie, you funny puppy! Use my name, Star-Star." I growled back at her. "We are not friends. I have no formality with you. I have no reason to call you by your name."
    "Oh, but Star-Star!" The chicken flapped it's wings excitedly. "Imagine if there were two of us hens! Then what? If you tried and called one of us 'hen,' which of us would know who you were talking to? Why, we might even both answer yes at the same time! Oh, would you imagine that, Star-Star? Why, we'd be nothing more than a singing little chicken chorus! Or what if there were hundreds of us? If you called one of us by 'hen,' hundreds of us would answer! It would be a great, big, synonymous, all-together harmonious chorus of responses! Wonderfully musical responses! Could you imagine that, Star-Star-?" 
    "Stop calling me that!" I barked. "And keep quiet. I could eat you at any moment, if I wanted, but the more you talk, the hungrier I. might. get." I hissed out the last three words through my teeth with as much terror-inflicting intimidation as I could muster. The chicken's throat immediately drew tight, and I heard her squeak as she decided to keep her mouth shut. Good for her.
    We approached a street that cut across several others. I looked to my left and right and saw nothing coming, and scurried across. After I crossed, I saw a tree in one person's yard, and I walked over and lay under it. The chicken plopped next to me, and we both sighed. 'What next?' I wondered.
    A small movement caught my eye, and I looked over to see the hen was actually raising it's wing at me. I guessed i wanted permission to speak. "What?" I replied complacently. The hen appropriately nervously responded, saying, "W-what are we going to do now, Miss?" I snorted. "Don't call me miss," I said sharply. "That makes me sound old. You can use my name." The hen quickly corrected herself, saying, "Um, oh, I, um, er... I meant to say, um, what are we going to do now, m-m-miss Star?"  Her blathering was more annoying than her chattering. 
    "I don't know," I told her truthfully. "I have to find Snoopy, and then I've got to figure out where we're going to stay now that our people aren't taking care of us." I glared at her with one of my eyes. "You have no need to follow me, hen. I am not going back home, and I am not going back towards your beloved coop. If you want to go back to your sisters, you're on your own. You have no need to stay here, understand?" 
    The hen opened her mouth, but nothing came out at first. "I-I..." I looked her hard in the eyes. "Look, they still love you. They'll still take you back. But me? I've done horrible things to them. They'll never take me back." I planted my face on the ground and stared ahead. "They never like me anyway." 
    Silence. I think I had made my point, and I closed my eyes to think about where I was going to go next, how I would find Snoopy, what we'd do with our lives. I had often dreamed of being with the wild dogs, running out in the plains and fighting for my own game and survival. I had dreamed about that since I was a pup ever since I saw that one moving picture with my mother. The Dogs were running free on the open plains, hunting and killing to stay alive and living each day on the edge of life. Those packs never stayed in one place, either. They were constantly moving to new destinations as the game in one began to wane, so that they were never hungry. It was one new adventure after another. Places I had never seen, animals I had never met, food I had never tasted... I hated these crowed cities. So many people that want to trap you, and restrict you, and take your things. I never understood why the two-legged people took pleasure in this dirty, smelly, noisy, crowded, evil mess of a place. The smell of smog and dirty air was awful. It was disheartening. 
    This place was not my home. 
    But what did Snoopy think? I hadn't even thought to ask if he wanted to do this. Where was he? Could he be at home, maybe, waiting for me to return? What if I never find him? What if he got hit by one of those big metal monsters? What if someone else snatched him up and... ate him? What if I had to do this alone?
    I couldn't. I just couldn't. The very thought of it terrified me. 
    I was all alone.
    I realized now that there was someone pressed against my side. I opened my eyes (which I had before been squeezing shut) and saw that Barbie was laying tucked up next to me. "Barbie, what are you-?" The chicken ruffled her feathers and pressed up closer. "How in the world do you expect me to go home, stupid?" I was taken aback by the rude, blunt force of her words. "Wha-?"
    She persisted. "I'm not some dog, like you are. I don't have an amazing sense of smell that can lead me back home. No, I'm a chicken. And frankly, Star, I'm more scared of what's out in those streets and alleyways than I am of you, so I'm following you. I'm sticking at your side, and there's nothing you can do about it!" She stamped her foot to prove her point.
    I stared at her for a moment. I couldn't believe her. She would really rather stay with me? 
    What a headstrong little hen.
    I glared right into her eyes. "I could eat you right now, if I wanted to." I said as menacingly as I could. To my surprise, the chicken didn't even blink. "Go right on ahead, then. For one thing, better to get it over with now with an assurance that I am to die that to risk being caught of guard and horribly torn to pieces by some ungodly, unknown beast out in those shadows!" She shook her wings and stared right back at me. "Besides, Star, I know you far too well. You wouldn't eat me. You wouldn't hurt a fly!" I growled and snapped at her wing, and she pulled it back and pecked on my nose.
    I fell back and stared. I couldn't believe it. She really wasn't afraid of me. 
    "Well..." I said. I guess I had no choice. "Fine. But if you dare make a peep when I tell you not to, I will personally rip out all of your feathers one by one. Do you understand me?" Once again, she didn't even blink (then again, I don't know if she could). "Fine," she said back sternly. 
    Hmph.
    The chicken and I got up and started down the road again. A moment's silence was broken when the hen asked, "So, where are we going now?" I sighed. "Honestly, I don't know. I'm trying to figure that out." I lowered my nose to the road and sniffed. "At this point, I'm just trying to see if I can get a hold of a scent to follow. The problem is that I don't really know where to look."
    The hen nodded understandingly. "Any ideas of where he could have gone? Places that he would wander or be attracted to?" I stopped. I hadn't thought of that. "Er..." I said nervously. "I guess I don't know. I never thought of that." The chicken cackled, and I was reminded that I hated her. "Oh, Star-Star! Why, that's just how we chickens keep track of each other. No chicken is stupid enough to go somewhere they have never been if they're lost." I rolled my eyes. "How in the world would you know? You've almost never been outside of your coop. And besides, look at you. You're walking around away from it now. Wouldn't you rather be close to the coop or back in the yard?"
    The chicken clucked with offense. "I told you! I don't know how to get back home. I gladly would if I could. But I can't. So I won't." She puffed up her chest and continued on. I couldn't help but feel a little curious.
"B-Barbie..." I muttered. She turned and looked at me. "Yes?" She said indignantly. I felt silly now, but I might as well finish what I started. "What exactly happened when you got out? I mean, you said you couldn't find your way back home. Weren't you just outside of the fence in the alleyway?"
    The hen ruffled her fingers. "Well, of course! And I would have run over to the fence and tried to signal my way back into the yard. I was panicking, but even then, if I had gone away from the house, I wouldn't have gone too far. I would have been able to go back!" 
    "But why didn't you?"
    "I was chased!"
    "By who?"
    "That cat!" The chicken shuddered. "After it tried to come after us in the coop, it must have managed to escape, because when I was running out of the alleyway, I suddenly heard it yowl. Ooohh, my feathers almost all fell off from the sheer terror. I didn't even stay around to see if I was imagining things. That awful, awful caterwaul. It was so frightening, Star-Star!"
    I looked down. "Y-yeah, I'll bet it was. But how did you escape?" I asked. The chicken straightened herself again. "Well, I don't really remember that well. All I remember happening was that I ran for a while, darting back and forth, until suddenly, there were children after me, too! I was horrified, and I dashed towards the street! When I finally dared to check behind myself, I saw that one of the children was clutching the cat, much to it's displeasure, and then she proceeded to bring it into the house. Oh, Star, if the caterwaul that it gave when it was after me was bad, you should have heard it mourn whenever the little girl picked it up and carried it off!" 
    The chicken burst into a cluttering laughter. "Was it one of the white-haired children?" I asked her. "Yes indeedy!" The chicken replied. I let out a breath of hot air. "I always thought those two white-haired children were odd ones. I don't know very many people who would pick up a cat willingly and take it inside!" The chicken burst into a greater fit of laughter. 
    "So, that was the end of it?" I asked her, once she had calmed down. "Oh, no, dear!" She said, wiping a tear from her eye with her wing. "Why, after the cat was taken care of, the rest of those little two legged children still were chasing after me! One of the taller ones- a rooster, I should think-" I knew she meant that she was talking about a male person- "was particularly good at cornering me. I was held up against a fence, trapped between the mobs of small children with no escape!" The drama flooded her voice now as she took full effect of her story telling. "Then, out of nowhere, something in me..." She coughed nervously. "Something just came unhinged. I could not bear what was happening any longer. I felt the ferocity of my ancient ancestors burst forth, and I just went wild, Star-Star!" 
    Now I let out a laugh. A bursting, rollicking, disbelieving laugh. "YOU? Come unhinged?" I chortled. "What in the world did you do?" The chicken shrugged, as only a chicken could. "That's what I don't remember, Star-Star. All I remembered after that was running through this alleyway. Thankfully, I don't think I hurt any of them too badly. I heard them running off across the neighborhood, screaming and shouting, 'mad hen, mad hen! That chicken has gone crazy!'" I could not believe it, and I couldn't help myself. My chest heaved and I laughed without any control. The very idea! A chicken unleashing an attack on children. I couldn't even begin to imagine such a hysterical sight!
    The chicken herself guffawed and clucked at her own misfortunes. "And now, here I am. After that whole event, I wandered through the alleyway, and I saw you enter that fireplace in the yard of that abandoned home. That was when I found you there, your forehead bleeding and you laying there fast asleep! You poor thing. You just blacked out after I called out your name." She scratched at the ground with her claw. "I did my best to find some leaves to soak up the blood on your forehead and your chin. There's still some dried blood on your face, but you are in much better shape that when I found you. 
    "And good thing, too! I don't know how else I would have been able to survive out here by myself." She finished her story with a hen-like head-bob and a "Mmm-hmm!" I snorted. "Well, I'm glad to hear that your reasons for saving my life were so selfless. Remind me to thank you when we finally get you back home." The chicken looked at me with a surprised face. "Wha-? What do you mean, Star-Star?" I snorted again. "What do you think I mean? I'm not going to babysit you into the wilderness or wherever I go. Besides, the people I'm aiming to find will eat you alive. We might as well drop you off where you belong." 
    Barbie stared at me a little while longer with disbelief. "B-but... How will you-?" "I don't know, and I don't care. But I told you, I refuse to carry you around everywhere we go. I'm taking you home. I have a superior nose that can smell our way back to the house, and I can check to see if Snoopy is there." Yes, that's what I'll do. I had my moment, and my head was clear. I had to make sure. If Snoopy was at home, I would have to find him and see if he would be coming with me. If he wasn't, then I knew he was out there somewhere, and I would have to continue my search. Either way, I refused to carry this chicken with me all over the place. I didn't want her to get eaten. 
    At least, not by anyone besides me.
    I put my nose to the ground and sniffed for a sign. The smells around me swarmed up to my nostrils: smooth black earth beneath me, the remains of frozen grass, trees (particularly the smoky and perky pines), and faint scents of animals in the trees. Everything was wrapped in the odor of the cool night. 
    No Snoopy, but wait- was that? I looked over and smelt Barbie. No, it wasn't her. Was that-?
    From behind one of the trees in a distant yard, another white feathered blob came out onto the sidewalk. Was that-?
    "SISTER CLAVELLE!" Barbie cried. The chicken across the street spun her head in terror at the sound of her name, and then her composure turned to a jubilant charge towards her fellow hen. The two rushed towards each other and collided in a clumsy hen-hug. With an explosion of clucking and a burst of feathers, the two were gloriously reunited. 
    "Barbie-!" The other one sobbed. "I saw you go over the fence-! A-a-a-and the cat went after you, and-!" "I'm alive, sister! I outran that nasty cat! And the children, too!" "The children? What children-? Oh, Barbie!" The two were hysterical. And very loud. I went up to them and growled lowly. Sister Clavelle jumped and cowered behind Barbie. "Oh! Oh my! Star-Star! You're here, t-too?" She said with a jittery voice. I scoffed. Star-Star? Really?
    "Oh, sister!" Barbie said with a nonchalant wave of her wing. "Star-Star here is going to help us get home!" Sister Clavelle's eyes seemed to light up at the notion. "Why, really?" She said hopefully. Then, to my surprise, she burst into tears. "Oh, but Barbie! The others, the others!" She was hysterical. Barbie looked at her with confusion. "What others, sister? Do you mean-?" "Yes, Barbie! The other sisters! They've escaped, too!" 
    My stomach dropped. What!? They had to be joking. If all the other heads had gotten out, too, then... "Star-Star!" The hens both looked at me with deep concern in their eyes. "Our sisters!" 
    "They've gotten out! And that means-!"
    "Star-Star, we have to find them!"
    "What will happen to them?!"
    "Oh, sister, I don't even want to think about it-!" 
    "Hold on, hold on, hold on," I interrupted. "ALL of the other hens got out? How in the world did that happen? I mean... Seriously?" Sister Clavelle seemed to ignore me, and instead turned and told Barbie what had happened. "Oh, Barbie! When you flapped out over the shed, the mistress and the other people didn't seem to notice at all! Once you had disappeared, the rest of us had gotten out of the coop and were scurrying around the yard. The mistress was chasing us around, but all of us were so terrified that we couldn't think straight! The mistress was shouting, and we were clucking, and the cat had gone over after you, and then, before we realized it, the mistress, she..." She choked up with tears. "She went and died!" 
    My muscles tensed with shock. "What!?" I growled. "What do you mean she died!?" The hen was hysterical. "I mean she just fell over in the yard and stopped moving! We all stopped for a moment stared at her, and then we ran out of the yard and into the alleyway! We were mad, none of us knew what to do! There were dogs barking, and that cat started yowling from just behind a house! We were sure it was after us!
    "And then, to make things even worse, even more dreadful, we ran into one of those metal monsters! It nearly ran into us, and it made this awful, awful sound that blared in our ears, and we scattered into a hundred different directions! Oh, Barbie, it was awful! This is positively the absolute worse day of my entire life in the history of hen-kind! WHAT AM I GOING TO DOOOO!?" The hen was on her... Well, she didn't have any knees.
    I almost wanted to clap. But the alpha's wife... Did she really die? My heart broke at the though of my mother getting home and seeing that her mother had died. Oh, how horrible that would be! I was sure that she must be crushed. She might even be in bed right now, crying herself to sleep, or maybe she can't sleep, maybe she's in a horrible state of shock, and-!
    NO! I had to keep myself together, for the sake of my dignity, at least. I could not let these chickens see me lose it again. I had to be strong, had to keep my head up. For my sake, for Snoopy's sake. 
    "So, where are the others?" I asked Sister Clavelle. "Are you with any of them?" Sister Clavelle looked at me like I had grown a third ear. "Didn't you hear what I just said!?" She clucked condescendingly. "I said that we were separated! As in, we were split up!" She rolled her eyes with an exasperated cluck. "Alright, alright!" I replied. She was so annoying. "Did you see where any of them went?" 
    Sister Clavelle twiddled her wings. "I-I don't think so. I only know that none of them went the same direction I did." Great. Just great. That's EXACTLY what I needed to know. I took a deep breath and thought a moment. Then I went over and sniffed Sister Clavelle. "Star-Star, what are you doing?" She said fearfully. "Are you picking this very moment to try and eat me!?" I snarled at her and forced her to calm down. "Sister Clavelle, I am not going to eat you. I'm picking up scent. Did you happen to bump into any of the other chickens during your escape?" Sister Clavelle nodded nervously. "I-I think I ran into Spicy once or twice. Oh, Barbie I do hope they're okay..." 
    I sniffed her for a moment longer, and then discovered a scent on her right wing. Yes, this wasn't her smell, but it was definitely a chicken smell. Poop, wood, pellets, and dirt. That's most definitely a chicken. I turned and sniffed the air, carefully treading then with my nose to the ground in search of anything that I could follow. 
    Scents were, in essence, like trails. If you caught a scent that was fresh enough, you could follow that scent like a path to it's originator, especially if the scent was close by or left in a particularly pungent way. It was entirely possible to lose a scent if it became to faint or wasn't left in a certain measure of strength. In essence, it was a bit like foot-prints. Should they be left in places, you could easily track them if you could find a set of finger prints that matched them. The clearer they were, the more recent. However, if who you were tracking happened to not step in a certain markable ground anywhere, and didn't leave any sort of trace at all, you could lose that scent very quickly. It was best to follow scents as quickly as you could find them.
    I couldn't smell anything off the top of my nose. Then I got an idea. "Clavelle, do you know where you ran into the metal monster? That may help lead us to where Spicy was last, and maybe the other chickens." Clavelle thought for a moment. "I'm not sure... I think I remember it vaguely, but I have no idea how to get there." "That's alright," I replied. "Just follow me, and speak up when you think you know where we are."
    The hen nodded nervously, and I began to follow her scent down into the alleyways. The streets wound in and around and about each other in a very confusing way; it was remarkable to me that people were capable of theoretically being able to navigate their way through such a maze. I walked past dumpsters, backyards, homes, and fence after fence after fence. 
    At one point, we encountered a sleeping metal monster, and we immediately slipped back behind the fence out of it's view. The hens instantly began to panic. "Star-Star!" Sister Clavelle quietly shrieked. "L-l-l-look! It's another one! It's looking right at us!" I was instantly alert. We had walked past quite a few others back here, but they were all facing away from us. This one's eyes were directly affixed at us, but something about them seem cold, or even dead. Or maybe asleep.
    I whispered back to the chickens, saying, "I think it's asleep." The chickens were still very nervous. "Listen," I told them. "We have to be very careful to sneak past it. Okay?" They looked at me with wide eyes. "I said, do you understand?" They finally gave short, jerky nods of approval. "Good. After me." 
    I slunk out from behind the fence very slowly, and kept low to the ground. After crawling forward a few steps, I beckoned the chickens with my head for them to follow. Very hesitantly, Barbie stepped out from behind the fence, and slowly came up behind me. Sister Clavelle swallowed and did the same. We went one step at a time until I was finally behind the fence on the other side. The chickens broke into a mad run and dashed next to me behind the fence, shaking badly. "Oh, Star-Star-!" One of them clucked. 
    "It's okay," I told them softly. At least, as softly as I could. Every ounce of me wanted to gag them or silence them somehow. "Just stay close." 
    I continued along the maze of alleyways that the chicken had managed to run through, and eventually broke out to a road. The trail led to the middle of the road, and I stopped at stood there as the chickens waddled up beside me. "Is this where you were?" I asked her. "I-I think so... She said. I could tell she wasn't sure, or that otherwise she wasn't being completely honest. "Sister Clavelle..." She grew indignant. "I-I don't know, okay? I think I remember flying through the air when the monster attacked us, but little else!" 
    Flying through the air, huh? Okay, then. Sure enough, the scent floated upwards and over a few meters. I strolled over there and stood in a different spot that was now in the cross-meeting of several roads. "How about here?" I asked. The chicken waddled into the center of the street, and I moved over to let her survey the spot where I was. She shook her head. "I don't think so," she said. I stamped my paw on the concrete. "Darn it! Are you sure?" She nodded. "Yes indeedy, Star-Star, I'm quite sure, en-tirely sure." 
    I sighed. This was hopeless. "Wait!" Clavelle clucked. She turned a few degrees to her right and gasped. "YES! Yes, it was right here, right here where the monster separated and attacked us!" My ears perked up. "Really?" I said. "Oh, yes, yes, yes!" Sister Clavelle exclaimed. "However could I forget?" 
    I groaned. "Wonderful." I set my nose to the road and sniffed around. A brief breeze of the scent of several chickens now filled the street. One, two, three, four... and a fifth that now led indirectly to Sister Clavelle. This was the spot. I searched out for Spicy's scent, since she was the one we were already tracking. "This way," I motioned to the hens. We walked down to our left of the road from which we had arrived, and we walked down towards what appeared to be some sort of mysterious parking lot. And enormous building rose from the center of it, and a chill ran down my fur as I realized where we were.
    "This is the library," I said quietly. "Which means we're right next to the park." "The park?" said Barbie. "Do you think Spicy's in there?" "That's where the scent leads," I told her. I feared that the German shepherd might be there as well. No! That was nonsense. It was the middle of the night. He must have gone home with his person by now. 
    "Let's go." We crossed the street as timidly and quietly as we could as to make sure that we didn't accidentally wake up any of the beasts that were lining the side of the streets next to the parks. My feet crunched onto the cool, damp grass, and I instantly tensed. That dog frightened me, and not many dogs frighten me. That dog didn't seem evil, he just seemed... Off. 
    Or maybe I wasn't really scared of him at all. Maybe it was just the moment that we had met in. And the fact that he tried to chase me and capture me. The ferocity of German Shepherds has always been a little mystifying and fearful to me. Maybe it's just their nature. 
    I followed the scent, to my surprise, to the fountain, and came to the very basin where I had hit my chin. Even more peculiar (and nauseating) was the tuft of fur left on the rim of the other side of the basin. 'Not one of my finer moments,' I thought.
    I followed the scent around and around the basin and the fountain itself. It was fresh. "She's nearby," I told the chickens. They popped their heads up at me in hopeful anticipation. "I just don't know where." They dropped their heads again. I was stumped. She was nearby, and the scent didn't lead anywhere else, so where...?
    "Spicy!" Sister Clavelle cried out. I searched left and right, but didn't see her. "Where?" I said quizzically. Barbie pointed up with her wing towards the center of the fountain that was isolated from the basin. "Up there!" She clucked. I swung around just in time to have a plump hen land her pointy talons onto the flat of my back. I yipped with pain as she dug them in for a landing and then bounced off of my back.
    "Barbie! Sister Clavelle!" She cried hysterically. "You wouldn't believe-!" "We know, alright!?" I barked. The combination of her mindless attack and her complete ignorance of the fact she did so quickly wore my patience to the ground. "We're searching for the others. Have you seen them?" The chicken literally put her hands on her hips and scoffed at me. "Well, aren't you in-SENSITIVE!" I was taken aback by her attitude. "I'm WHAT!?" I barked. "You heard me!" The brazen hen responded. "You are I-N-S-E-N-S-I-T-I-V and should be ashamed of yourself!" 
    "Spicy," Sister Clavelle said. "I believe you spelt 'insensitive' wrong." The hen turned and scoffed. "How would YOU know? You're a chicken." She spun back and pointed a feather at my snout. "Do you have ANY idea what I've been through tonight?" I furrowed my brow at her. "Actually, yes, I think I do." "No, you don't!" She bawked sharply. 
    I turned and swiped my tail at her face. "Well, I don't have the time to hear about it! I'm off to find the other hens, your SISTERS, if you will, so are you coming with me?" Spicy stared at me with an indignant fury, and she turned and stared at her sisters, holding her wing towards me. I could guess her expression.
    The others nodded. "Yes, Spicy, we know. Just follow her, we've got to find the others!" said Sister Clavelle. Spicy rolled her eyes (which really meant she rolled her entire head) and set off on a random path. "FINE." She said with a huff. "LET'S GO." The others and I stood and watched her for a moment. "Uh, Spicy?" Barbie said. Spicy stopped and sort of twitched. "Um... Where are you going?" "I'm not really sure," Spicy said quickly. She glared at me. "WELL!?" She said impatiently. I sighed. "Follow me..."
    The hens and I walked back to the intersection and ended up following around towards the park again, this time moving past it and walking further down the road and to the right. The sound of the rumble of the metal beasts grew fierce and loud. I looked and saw that many of the glaring lights that spread from their eyes flashed and sped by in a great tumult of action further down the road. Several of them occasionally broke off from the cacophony and and began to move down the road towards us. This time, all three of the chickens held each other in panic. At least, at first.
    Then Spicy suddenly tore into the road.
    "Spicy-!?" I barked. What in the world was she doing!? 
    The chicken stood squarely in the middle of the road and glared down right into the eyes of the metal beast. "YOU BIG JERK!" She shouted. "You split me up from my other sisters! I'm gonna take you out!" I knew she was going to be roadkill if I didn't do something. The beast was getting closer, and my mind raced. Did I have enough time? Could I make it down towards her before-!?
    A figure blasted across the street before I could put a paw in the road, racing towards Spicy and snatching her out of the way of the monster. Just as the figure and Spicy tore out of the way, the beast blared by with a deafening roar that shook my sensitive ears. I squinted my eyes, and suddenly realized that the figure that had snatched up spicy had veered off and was running down the sidewalk away from us! "HEY!" I barked, and to my horror, I made out the catlike outline of Spicy's captor. 
    Her hero had no intention of saving her life. He just wanted to salvage her for lunch instead of letting her become roadkill!
    The moon hung in the middle of the sky as midnight bled over the streets and moonlight seeped onto the sidewalk. My hackles raised, and I led the chase with two chickens in tow.
