---
layout: writing
title: Beagles! - Chapter 5
categories:
- stories
- beagles
comments: true
---

"Snoopy..." I heard a soft voice tingling in my ear. Unfortunately, the grass felt softer. I didn't want to move, didn't want to open my eyes. "Snoopy..." It whispered again, tickling the hairs in my ear even more. I giggled and pushed at the air with my paws. "Mrff... Oh, Star, 5 more minutes..." I teased. "SNOOPY!" The voice hissed. I was immediately frightened, and I bounced to my feet. 
    "Wh-wh-what!? Who's there? I'm awake!" I yipped. A soft voiced laughed at me, and I saw Florence standing next to me, brushing my ear softly with her nose. "It's me, 'Star,' you goose." I was instantly flustered. "Y-you heard that?" I told her. "Yes, I did!" Florence replied. "Come on, slow poke, we've got to get moving!" I shook the sleep from my eyes. "Where? Where are you taking me, Flo?" The snow white collie shook her coat. "I have some friends that may be able to help you find your sister."
    "Really?" I said with excitement. "B-but how?" "Just trust me: these guys are professionals." The moonlight washed over the back yard. It was almost eerily bright, glistening over the flowers and the dry grass. Florence's coat seemed to glitter in the moonlight. I was almost speechless, except for being able to make a small gasp. She turned and trotted to the fence. "Are you coming?" She said impatiently. I caught myself standing and staring and dashed over to the fence next to her. "S-sorry. Yeah, I'm ready!"
    Florence stuck her nose under the fence and slunk under it through the opening it made. I was almost concerned she would be too wide to fit through, until I realized how slim she was under her coat. It was almost cat-like, which I wasn't sure if I should be impressed or concerned by. I shimmied my way out rather clumsily, and we both began to walk down the alleyway. 
    The night was cold, and a breeze occasionally fluttered through and ruffled my fur and made me shiver. I was always jealous of those long-haired animals; their coats seemed much more suited to weather these kinds of conditions. Sure, it must be dreadfully hot when the snow wasn't falling and the air wasn't cold, but at night, and when it was cold, it must be wonderful. See, with short hair, you had to deal with being uncomfortably warm during the day and not nearly warm enough at night. It was a lukewarm sort of awful in-between that wasn't really helpful, nor a huge hinderance. I was jealous of Flo.
    Lucky dog. 
    We made our way through several more streets and came to a mysterious, run-down street of old houses that seem all but neglected and abandoned. Despite this, there was a remarkable liveliness to the place, and the smell of life filled my snout as I walked down the road.
    "Florence, where are we?" I said curiously. "South Park," she replied. "This is one of the poorer parts of town, where many people don't live anymore." 
    "Then why do I smell... life?" I asked.
    Florence looked at me expectantly. "Come, now, Snoopy. You must already know the answer. Note the key word in my last statement: where many PEOPLE don't live anymore." My eyes widened in realization. "You mean-?" And at that moment, a movement caught my eye down the sidewalk. Yes, that was! It was a dog! Another dog. From the looks of it, though, it was a german shepherd. 
    My heart sunk. For a moment, I was hoping it was Star. 
    For some reason, it certainly smelled like her.
    My curiosity got the better of me, and I trotted out away from Flo. "Snoopy, what are you doing?" She said in a hushed voice. "That dog," I said, turning to look at her as I spoke. "He smells like my... sister." I turned and continued towards him. Clearing my throat, I said with the most commanding voice that I could, "Excuse me!" The dog stopped and turned towards me. I shivered just a little; something about german shepherds scared me. "I was wondering you could help me... I mean, if I could ask you something."
    The shepherd sort of snorted impatiently at me. "Well, what is it?" He said gruffly. "I don't have all night." "Yes, yes. I was wondering, have you seen a dog like me?" The shepherd looked at me and burst into laughter. "Bahaha! Runt, I've seen plenty of rolly polly mutts like you, especially over by the tavern. Is this some sort of joke?" He parted his sharp, frightening jaws and burst into another round of boisterous laughter. I stamped my paw, flustered to say the least, and spoke up at him with a little sharper yip. 
    "I mean, have you seen a dog of my breed? Of my kind?" The shepherd looked down at me again, his face drawing back to a more serious, threatening scowl. "You mean a beagle? There aren't many around these parts, actually. There may be a few in the house over there," he nodded his head towards a rather tall and uneven looking building. "That's the meeting hall. There's food and marketplaces there."
    He stepped past me, but I blocked his way. He wasn't telling me something: I could smell it. "Wait a minute, now. Are you sure you haven't met any other beagles today?" I said again. The dog bared his teeth and growled. "It's not as funny the third time, pal," he snarled angrily. I shivered as I stared into his fierce gaze. "Now, get out of my way!" He snapped at my paws and strutted past me as I leapt to the side. "W-wait-!" I began to call.
    Then I felt another dog come up next to me. I looked up and saw that it was Flo. "What were you doing, Snoopy?" She said quizzically. "That dog smelled like her," I explained. "I can't help but feel suspicious about him." Flo beckoned me with her tail. "It's best not to deal with his type. They don't tend to give information very easily." I watched as he walked away. "But-" I started to say. "Think about it, Snoop," she cut in. "If he smells like her, that means that he might have brushed sides with her while he was walking through here. That would be my best guess. That means she might be here!" 
    I perked my tail up at the thought of this. 'Of course! That makes sense,' I thought. "Of course! That would make sense," I said excitedly. I put my nose to the ground and picked up her scent from the trail that he had left. "If the scent is fresh or strong enough, perhaps I can find where she was at and ask around if people have seen her!" Flo grinned. "Now you're using your head! Or, rather, your snout." She chuckled and followed after me.
    Lots of smells flew past as I traversed the neighborhood. I wound around a tree, which I guessed the shepherd must have marked, a fire hydrant, which I guessed the shepherd must have also marked, a fence, which I had guessed the shepherd must have also marked, a curbside...
    Finally, the trail led into a building that positively emanated the very smell and color of food. I lifted my head and stared at the house. It was brightly lit, with shadows dancing in the shapes of people and small children. I pulled my ears back. Was she in here...?
    To my surprise, Flo simply glided right up to the door and nudged it open with her snout. "Well, are you coming?" She grinned impishly. "B-b-but-!" I started to object, but she was already in the door. I snorted. What was she thinking? I guess I had no choice. I took a deep breath, puffed up my chest, and then walked into the house.
    The smell of food mingled with the air of other animals, and to my surprise, the house was in fact not full of humans, but of pets! All kinds of dogs roamed the floors, sitting at short tables with meals sitting on them. Mice scurried in and out of holes in the wall, and I watched and followed them as they went up to a smaller restaurant filled with rodents. To my surprise, cats roamed around the halls and rooms freely, as did several hens, three sheep, nineteen birds, two raccons, twelve rabbits, and a lizard. 
    I couldn't believe it. This place existed? This didn't even seem real! Even more amazing was the fact that none of them seemed to be trying to eat each other. I saw two cats and 2 dogs calmly talking to each other in what seemed to be rather relaxed conversation, and the rabbits never showed signs of disappearing or otherwise being snatched up by their canine counterparts. The birds stayed away from the rodents, and the cats from the birds. It was strangely harmonious. 
    I caught sight of Flo walking through the hall into the a room beyond the main entrance. I followed her and circled around a into a narrow hall where dogs balancing plates on their noses scurried to and fro in rows barely two dogs wide. I was a tight fit, and I had to wait a few moments before leaping into the current of animals walking down into the hall. The walls were remarkably smooth, my guess being due to the fact that numerous animals had rubbed against them in a train similar to this one. 
    The walls wafted with the smells of hundreds of different kinds of animals that had rubbed against them, and I was completely overwhelmed by all the smells that crowded into my snout and covered my mind. There were cats of all kinds, hundreds of breeds of dog that I couldn't match with pictures in my own mind because I had never seen them in person before. There were all sort of foreign beasts that had crossed these floors, like goats, geckos, and even a bear! How long had this place been occupied by animals?
    I was suddenly funneled by the crowd in a jerk to the right and into a room that was covered in a wafting smoky incense. I gagged at the murky air; despite it's pleasant smell, it was overpoweringly small. I felt dizzy, and the floor began to spin and become uneven. What was this? What was happening-?
    I tripped on my own feet and slammed into a table that two dogs sat at with a thunderous crash! "HEY!" One of them shouted. I coughed and shook my head, trying to get the pungent smell out of my nose. I felt two feet breeze towards my face as I dropped my head and snorted before taking a slow breath. As I did this, I heard and felt the sound of a cracking contact as those two feet collided with another dog above me. With a "YIPE!" the dog fell to his back and was writhing while holding his face. "Humandangit, Leon! What did you that for!?" A burly voice snarled. An equally fierce dog snarled back at him. "It was an accident, Chris! It was this idiot here, he moved out of the way!" 
    I felt a pair of teeth grab my scruff and pick me up off the ground. I flailed my legs, but to no avail as I was hoisted into the air. I came face to face with a gruff looking bulldog. I gulped. "Uh-um, hello there..." I said nervously. "I don't suppose you'd mind putting me down?" The dog contorted his face into a nasty frown and then burst into a cruel, rumbling laugh. "Y'hear this guy, Chris? 'Put me down! Oh, please put me down!' As if he's expectin' me to punch his face in or somethin'!" To my surprise, the other dog started to guffaw, too, and the jaws on my scruff suddenly loosened and dropped me to the floor. 
    I spun around and faced the dogs with a ready stance and a growl, but to my surprise, they were completely calm and neutral towards me. No sense of attacking attitude at all. In fact, the other dog (who I now saw was a pitbull) gave me a sort of cockeyed, sad sideways gaze. "Hey, what gives, my brother?" He said with a disappointed voice. "We ain't mad, man!" Said the bulldog, who I guessed to be Leon. "We're all cool, we know it was an accident! We could smell you!" Chris, the pitbull, slapped me on the back. "Not used to the smoke-room, are you? It's good for you, bro. It cleanses your senses, cleans out your nose, cleans out your mind. It's strong at first, but it leaves you feelin' squeaky clean!" 
    I myself was desperately confused, now. "You mean you aren't... You're not mad at me?" Leon shrugged. "Hey, bro! We knew you wasn't tryin' to take us down. The kick was supposed to be a friendly wakeup slap." I snorted. Friendly wakeup slap? What did that mean? And look at Leon! He had a huge black eye scored across the front of his face, now. 
    "Can I get you something to drink, my man?" Chris said with a friendly pant. "Now that you're all initiated and all." I shook my head politely and backed away from the table. "N-no, that won't be necessary, gentlemen. I'm not thirsty." Despite their friendly cajoling, I had no time to sit around and drink with a couple of gruff-looking, however friendly they might have been, animals. I had more important business to attend to. 
    The dogs looked at me, unconvinced and apparently very disappointed. "Aw, what do you mean, no thank you? What's the rush?" Leon said. I glanced around the room and caught sight of Florence. "There's... some unfinished work I have to do. I'm searching for someone," I replied. The pitbull pointed his snout over towards the counter that Flo was standing at. "You mean her, bro?" "Yes... I mean, no! No, not her, directly, I mean-!" Leon laughed and looked at his friend next to him with a wink. "We understand my friend. Didn't mean to get in your way!" He slapped my back again, making me wince. "Go get her, friend. If you stop by again, be sure to stick with us! We know how to welcome a new face!" 
    The two laughed heartily and called out to a bypassing goat to bring them another dish of milk. I weaved and bobbed my way through the crowd towards Flo. The scent of the incense was far less intense now, and did in fact seem to have a deep and thorough sense of cleansing to it. I felt refreshed, alert, even a little lightheaded. I still wasn't completely relaxed by it's presence, but it no longer badly concerned me. The other animals seemed to be functioning just fine.
    Well, except for that cat that just walked in. For the record, he looked new. I could tell. 
    I squeezed my way through a couple of tables, barely brushing shoulders with a fierce looking australian shepherd with a missing ear, and came up to the counter next to Flo. She looked over at me and flickered a smile. "Took you a little while to get here, didn't it?" She said slyly. "Sorry about that," I said hastily. I was caught in between a couple of strange and friendly bulls, if you catch my meaning." She nodded her head behind herself towards the tables. "What, you mean old Leon and Christopher? They're gentle old dogs. They wouldn't hurt flies!" She knocked my elbow with her own. "Hope they didn't give you too much trouble, they'll gum you to pieces with whatever teeth they have left!" 
    She burst into a fiendish laugh and pat a paw on the table. "Rudolph, may I have a drink for my friend, here?" She said sweetly. "Eh?" The golden retriever said, motioning his head towards Florence with a more closely listening ear. "Didn't hear ya, Flo!" Florence gave a pouting sort of face. "Oh, stop it, Rudolph. You know that's not nice." "Can't hear you, Flo! You're gonna have to speak up!" Florence was a little more angry this time. "Rudolph, I said stop it!" "Eh?" She put her paws on the counter and stared him right in the eye! "St-op that!" She growled, her voice cracking to that deep, masculine angry tone I had heard earlier that day. 
    Rudolph laughed and patted her on the snout. "Oh, Florence, you really must learn to relax in front of your boyfriends!" Florence looked at me with an offended look. "Boyfriend?" She said disbelievingly. 'Boyfriends?' I thought with a shock. "Rudolph, he's not my-!" "Gotchya again!" the tricky golden retriever laughed. With a sigh and a chuckle, he filled up two dishes of what smelled to be a sort of chicken broth. "Here you are, you two, fresh from- well, I guess I can't tell you. Rest assured, though, you're not eatin' any of our guests!" The dog gave a hearty laugh and went to tend another customer.
    "Well, shoot," Florence said with a huff. "That's the third time now that he's done that. You think I would have learned, but he always has to try and embarrass me in front of a friend of mine." I looked at Florence, slightly heartbroken and more than a little curious. What did that bartender mean by 'boyfriends?' Had he brought in other dogs?
    Oh, what was I thinking? I shouldn't be in love with Florence, couldn't be in love with Florence! After all, I have a wife I'm in charge of looking after. Sure, she's not a collie, but she is my wife. I had to make sure that Star was okay. I can't believe I disillusioned myself for so long. I didn't know whether Florence was just a charmer or was genuinely just a sweet girl who helped fat, lazy dogs like me help find their wives (and whom they lie about them being their sisters) out of some kindness in her heart. Either way, I wasn't the first. 
    I couldn't help but be a little curious, though. 
    "Florence, do have you many other friends that you come here with?" I said, trying my best not to sound jealous or otherwise suspicious. Florence looked at me as if she could see right through me and understood exactly what I meant. "None of them were my 'boyfriends,' if that's what you're asking. Old Rudy just likes to make fun of me," she said, almost is if she was trying to convince me of something she wasn't telling me. "Some of the other men that I've met were dogs just like you, strays who I helped bring here to assist them in finding homes or getting off to another town, or even another state." 
    "Another state? What's a state?"
    "You mean you don't know?" Florence said with surprise. "Then again, I have to remember that I've heard and learned a lot of things around here. You've never been here, before." I shook my head. "A state... A state is a bit like a yard, to humans, but with a very, very big invisible fence around it. The fences would be so long that it would take days to run around ours, even entire months! And apparently our state is one of the smaller ones. There are some that might even take a dog like me, or even a greyhound almost an entire year to circle on foot!
    "According to some of the older dogs around here, there are about 50 states in our country. Our country is just like a giant island that sails in the middle of the ocean, and there are whole other countries across the ocean!" 
    "...What's an ocean?" Florence stared at me. "You've never seen an ocean?" She exclaimed. I felt my face grow hot. "Well, no, sorry!" I snapped. "I guess I'm not as smart as you are!" I felt like an idiot around her. She was so nice, and so smart. I didn't deserve her help. I turned around, and before I knew it, I stomped out of the tavern and into the hallway.
    That blasted dog. Who did she think she was, playing with my heart like that? I was sure that she genuinely cared about me, but I'm just another dog she's bringing in for charity. I don't even know what an 'ocean' is. Hmmph! Well, excuse me if I'm not so smart, I'll just go and figure out what to do about Star by myself! She was obviously too smart and ladylike to really care about helping me besides serving some, oh, I don't know, 'higher duty' that she felt called out of her little pure, fluffy, deep-voiced heart to other poor, stupid dogs like me! 
    I couldn't believe her. 
    I burst out into the hallway again, but I accidentally pushed past the crowd that was on it's way back out of the building, and instead I rushed into the current of animals funneling further into the hall. I tried my hardest to push past the rest of them and get into the other row, but the one I had ended up in seemed to be in some sort of mad dash towards the hallway for some reason. I was too weak to push out of the crowd, and I chose instead to just go along with it. 
    I watched around me as the lights began to grow dimmer and the animals began to slowly disperse into other doors and similar incense-filled rooms. Curiosity got the better of me, though, as the crowds thinned out and soon I was at the end of where they were pushing to. Each crowd appeared to be funneling into different rooms of smoky incense just as quickly as people were funneling out. To my fascination, each room was different from the next, one containing a stage for dancing and another a small band of animals playing makeshift noise-makers like that which I had seen my boy play many times outside. What was that called-? A gittar, I think. That's what they called it. 
    There were so many animals that went in and out of the rooms, but to my surprise I recognized two of them: there down the hall were Leon and Chris. I watched as animals went into one room and soon came out and into another. Back and forth, out of doors and into them, milling about in search of entertainment or any sort of diversion to catch their attention, to distract their brains. I wondered if they ever got tired of it.
    Once again, I became aware of where I was standing. I was just behind an open door that none of the other animals appeared to be passing by. Where I stood behind was apparently the last of the open rooms that they were interested in touring. Wait, no, there was a strange creature coming towards me, now, headed towards and-
    Now she was right in front of me, and I stepped out of her way as she passed by the door. I couldn't help but stare in wonder at her as she stepped by me. She seemed to be some kind of goat, but she was very tall, and very thin, and she had a much longer neck. Even more bizarre was her coat: it was finely trimmed except for the top of her head, which appeared to be perfectly pruned and sculpted upwards in a pillar of wool that sat at least 2 feet high. To my amusement, it looked kind of like a beehive.
    The creature stopped and stared down at me with an annoyed, even suspicious glare. "What are you lookin' at? Ain't you ever seen a llama before?" I shook my head silently: no, I could honestly never say I had. "You got a voice, sir?" The peeved... llama said again. I started to open my mouth, but I was suddenly stricken with an inexplicable draw to an idea. I simply shook my head. "What, are you one of those poor creatures who got their voicebox taken out for barking?" A voicebox! I felt a sense of pride as I realized what she meant. I nodded quickly, a tiny whimper almost seeming to purvey from my eyes.
    The llama, to my surprise, didn't seem the least bit sympathetic. "Yeah, well, that's what you get for driving a human up the wall with your incessant little beagle baying." She spat on the ground next to me. "Outta teach you a lesson. Then again, you don't exactly look like a puppy. I guess that just proves you can't teach a fat old dog new tricks!" She cackled and waved me away with her neck. "Go home, little dog. This place is not for you. Are you new around here?" I nodded slowly.
    "Well, there's nothing interesting or of use to you here in these rooms. Most of them are empty, or otherwise they keep records of people's purchases here. Nothing a dog like you would care about. My guess is that you're like the others, here to find a good time or something to entertain you. You'll have all you'll ever need in the doors over that way," She motioned again with her head towards the front. I remained hesitant to immediately walk away. 
    "Be a good dog, now. Get on out of here, do yourself a favor and leave these rooms alone. The people back here are notorious for not being as nice as I am about it," the llama spat again, closer to my feet and growled at me. "Go on, leave!" I knew she was not going to move until I was gone, so I backed away from her, looking at her as I left, and sunk into the crowd. The people in front of me flashed in front of my vision and out of it, and I watched as the llama stared at me for a while longer, almost as if she suspected me. I decided it was best and wisest to turn around and pretend like I was actually leaving. After all, maybe I should.
    I followed along with the crowds leading away from the hall towards the entrance, and I rolled the thoughts over in my mind. Yes, I should go back. This place is not for me, and Florence... I don't deserve Florence's help. I'm obviously just burdening her with my problems. She's too kind. She doesn't need me around to try and waste her time. I should just get out of here, and find Star by myself.
    And yet I felt a stabbing curiosity, an inner longing that deeply desired to know what was in that hallway. I don't know why. It must just be that inner longing that drove me to help Star dig under the fence a few times. I hate the idea of leaving the comfort of the fence and the security of my blanket... At least, most of the time. But then sometimes, I get this huge inner pull, this lure, this deep and almost ancestral call within me that wants to explore the unknown. I manage to tame it most of the time, but other times the danger within leaving my security makes me just want to go after it all the more. There's something daring and exciting about it: it just draws me.
    I felt this pull. What was so important back there that I shouldn't be allowed to know about? What were they hiding? Then again, that llama was pretty serious about what she was telling me. I would probably be in huge trouble if I got caught. 
    Oh, who gives a cat's tail? By all means, that was just an invitation. Yeah, I was gonna find out what in the world was down that hallway!
    I pushed past the crowd I was in with a renewed sense of urgency, bracing against on-comers with my weight and stout height. I was almost surprised: I forgot how genuinely useful eating this much food could be. It was a wonder my family fed me so little. I slipped into the other line moving back down the hall and pawed forward past all of the doors. Peering up from the crowd (I had to bounce a few times), I determined that the llama was no longer there watching me. Now was as good as ever.
    I neared the final door, it was just this turn-!
    "Hey, hey, hey! Look who it is, Leon!" My heart sunk as I heard the familiar raspy voice shout out towards me. I drooped my ears and tried to hide amongst the oncoming crowd of animals. "Who, Chris? Whaddya talkin' about?" 
    "It's that beagle we saw earlier! That new guy!" 
    "New guy?" 
    "The one with Flo!" 
    "OH! That beagle! Where'd you seem him?" 
    "I thought I just saw him with the crowd enterin' that room over there. The moment I called his name, though, he ducked under the crowd and disappeared..." Suddenly, I heard the pitbull gasp. "Oh, criminy, Chris! I think he might have been trampled under the crowd!" I heard the bull dog snort with disbelief. "No kiddin'!? Well, bet yer hays, we gotta get him out from under there!" 
    I don't think my fur or body had ever turned that red with embarrassment in my life as I heard the two dogs start viciously shouting and swinging their heads at the crowd, bashing foxes, chickens, coons, and cats out of their path in a mad dash to apparently "rescue" me from beneath them. I shuddered as they drew closer, and actually contemplated whether or not I should maybe play dead.
The two dogs finally bashed a goat out of there path and finally arrived at their destination, standing over me panting gleefully. One of the old dogs leaned down and barked in my ear. "EH, BEAGLE!" He shouted. 
I leapt into the air with a fearful yip and landed on my toes. Leon burst into laughter and Chris let out a gasp. "Phew!" Chris gasped. "Fer a moment, there, I thought you were dead!" He crossed his heart with his finger. "Bless yer soul, you made it through alright. For a moment I wasn't sure if you had made it!"
Leon sniffed and stuck his nose in the air. "Bah! From the moment I saw 'im, I knew he was a hardy dog. Look at that stout stance! It'd make any good man proud." I looked down at my paws and noticed I had taken a rather insecure bulldog stance, my paws turned inwards and my joints stiff. I shook a little, and Chris's ears perked up.
"Look at him, Leon!" He said with a concerned whine. "He looks pretty fazed. We ought ta' do somethin'!" I shook my head hastily. "N-n-no, no, I'm fine, really. Please I have to go-" Chris shook his head, slopping slinger all over the floor and on the walls. "You need a drink, my friend. You gotta take a breather! You've been through a stampede, you've got to be a little fazed."
I wirelessly tried to protest with a breathless and shaky voice of disbelief as I was carried away from my destination into another smoky room that smelled of water, milk, and a confused mix of other myriaded smells that blended into something weirdly soothing and a just a tad bit stomach soothing. 
I was plopped down in front of a table, and a mixed emotion of shock, frustration, accepted devastation, and nerves finally wore me down into a blob of confused fur. I didn't know how to act, what to do. The oncoming crowd. These dogs pulling me away from my other goal... Star and I escaping the yard... Where was I!? What was I doing here!?
I vaguely noticed a bowl of a murky potato soup being put in front of me with a dull wooden "clunk." I plopped my face into it and just sat there for a moment. What was I doing? That llama was right... I should just go WHAT IN THE WORLD MY EYES ARE BURNING!
I yanked my face out of the bowl of soup and landed furiously with a panicked yelp. I whined as I rubbed my face on the floor and snorted out the hot peppery scent that was melting into my snout. "What did you put in this!?" I shouted frantically as I wiped my eyes against the ground. I heard a dog grunt as one bashed his side into the other. "What were you thinking, Leon!? I told you habenero soup was a bad idea!"
Leon's voiced was equally surprised. "Hey, I did t expect him to go an' put his FACE in it! Always kicked me out of a funk!" "Ow ow ow ow ow ow!" I yelped again. I took a several quick breaths as I snorted the chili peppers out of my nostrils. As I blinked the heat out of my searing eyes, I realized that the room had become horribly, awkwardly silent. I sat motionless and blinked a few more times, too horribly embarrassed to say a single word. One of the dogs coughed.
Leon stepped next to me and cleared his throat expectantly. "Nothin' to see here, folks! Just another run-in with Hal's habanero speciality soup." Chris nodded quickly. "Thanks, Hal!" He shouted. Several dogs laughed, and the conversation began to build up again, and the regular atmosphere and flow of the restaurant began to start again. 
I bowed my head and sighed. "You alright, bro?" Chris asked with a sympathetic whine. I sighed again. "Sigh... I guess so. Better, now. A little bit ashamed of myself, really," I replied. Leon let out a chuckle. "Don't worry, man! You're most definitely not the first to have a downright hell-like experience against the terror of Hal's Habanero Hell Brew!" 
I put my paw under my chin. "No, no, that's not it," I said, nevertheless a little more encouraged by their nonchalant brushing off of my nervous breakdown. Leon bumped against Chris. "Well, hey! Just ask old Chris, here, what it's like gettin' trampled by the masses! Why, this old man's first visit to this place a few years back wasn't unlike yours! Remember that, Chris?" The gruff old dog grunted in approval. "Yessir! The ol' battle field of little-hall right here in the Animal Café in South Park! You was the one that pulled me out of the trenches!"
He gave a little way of his stump of a tail. "First day I met you, and you were savin' my tail, Leo!" The two chuckled and Leon grinned a wide, toothy smile. A few of his teeth were missing. "I sure do! Remember when we got into those scuffles with that Chihuahua gang?" 
"Do I? The runts cut off my tail the second time we ran into them. Didn't take long to send them on their way." Chris made a strange shape with his fingers. "Blast of the ten-cent pistol straight from my jaws sent 'em scurryin'. Never had much trouble with 'em since then."
"Oy, and that one cat burglar that we were contracted to catch?" Leon spat on the floor. "Took everyone by shock when they realized we was actually dealing with a cockatoo. Always thought they should have changed the name of that since that happened. Might get rid of that funny old saying about the "dog days", too." "Bah! I always thought my dog days were rather pleasant and relaxed. Smooth like swamp water..."
I had to get out of here. These two would sentiment about their wardays all day if I didn't say something. As I began to make a move from the table, Leon asked me a question. "Say, there, Beagle!" He said. "I never did get yer name. Who d'you call yourself?" I held a contentious breath and said rather shortly, "Snoopy. And I'm guessing you're-" 
The bull dog puffed up his chest and declared, "M'name's Leon! And this here's Chris," he motioned towards the slim, gangly pitbull, who put up his snout in similar greeting. "Pleasure t' meetchya!" 
	"Pleased to meet you, too," I said weakly. My nostrils finally seemed to stop throbbing. Leon gave me a sideways glance and seemed to notice something was wrong. "You okay, bro?" He asked. I was too lazy to lie. "No, I'm not okay. In fact, I feel awful," I relied bluntly. The two dogs, to my surprise, didn't laugh at me, but they seemed gravely serious. "Why, what's the matter?" Chris said. I was a bit speechless from their apparently very genuine concern towards my wellbeing. "Did someone in that crowd break your leg?" Chris said hotly. "You point out the face, and I'll break his snout! Er, unless it's one of those llamas, goats, horses, or cows. In that case, you're on your own. 
	I shook my head. "No, no, I'm okay. At least, my body is okay. My heart's the thing that's broken," I said. I immediately kicked myself inside; why in the world did I say that? How... cheesy! "Yer heart?" Leon said. Then, understanding appeared to cross his face. "Ah," he said with a nod. "I get ya completely!" I looked at him with disbelief. "You do?" I gasped. "Yep!" Leon said, crossing his arms. "Yer going through an apparent 'bout of heartbrokenness!" I sigh and dropped my head again. "Yes indeed, Leon. Yes, indeed." 
	The dog looked me in the eye, and it took a slight awkward moment to meet his gaze. "Was it Flo that did the breakin'?" He said squarely. I opened my mouth to protest, but no sound came out, at first. "I-I, I, um..." He put up his paw and shook his head. "Ah, ah, ah, don't lie to me, Snoopy. You're not the first, and you definitely won't be the last!" I looked back at him, unimpressed with his advice. "Uh, huh. Just part of the crowd, I'm sure," I responded glumly. My frustration finally boiled over. "What's with Flo?" I said. "What's her deal? I mean, is she really just a dog-charmer who toys with their hearts, only to get rid of them later?" I put my chin on the table and licked the edge of the spicy bowl. "Or is she really just a sweet, innocent young soul?"
	Chris chuckled. "Trust me, friend, she's not at all the killer queen yer imagining her to be. She's just a regular sweetheart who get's schmoozed all the time by young hotshots like you. No need to demonize her!" I let his words sink in a moment, and then sunk even lower. "Then it IS my fault. I am just a lowlife, mud-sniffing ninny. I can't believe I'd act so stupid around her!" I'm a married man, darnit. What was I doing, flirting with an innocent collie? Even worse, she was one who had standards. She was so beautiful and so sweet, and here I was falling in love with her when my wife wasn't around. I don't deserve her help.
	Chris was shocked by my reaction. He grabbed my face and pulled me closer to his, staring me directly in the face. "Listen to me," he said stoutly. My eyes fell to the floor, and he slapped me on the snout. "I said, look at me!" Reluctantly, I brought my eyes up to face his. "Listen to me, Snoopy. You're a young man. You've got so much to live for!" He snorted on my face, which I did my best not to show any sort of reaction to. "I can tell just by lookin' at you, Snoopy. You've got a lot of potential. You can do somethin' great with yourself. Florence is not too good for you, and neither is any other girl you meet out there that you feel is your soul mate!" Leon barked towards the ceiling, saying, "AMEN!" Chris barked in agreement (right in my face). "That's right! You're not worthless, Snoopy. You're not a lowlife, mud-sniffing ninny!" He slapped both sides of my face. "You're worth something, Snoopy! You're a million bucks, so forgive yourself and move on!"
	The two dogs howled in a sing-song voice. "It's a new day, Snoopy!" They said, leaping onto the table. The other dogs barked and cheered, and to my shock, I think they might have been listening to the whole situation. "No kidding!" Shouted a far off chinese crested. "It's literally already tomorrow, tonight! Shake it off, Snoopy!" The two old dogs held up their soup bowls and barked in unison. "It's a new day, folks!" The other dogs did the same. "It's a new day!" Then they started to dance around from table to table, singing and chanting those very words at me and celebrating like a bunch of fools. 
	A brazen, finely dressed young poodle came out onto the stage and began to sing into a strange device, chanting and repeating the same words in a silky vibrato over the other dogs. I shirked as her voice seemed to echo all over the room from some unknown source or bunch of sources. The dogs danced throughout the room, singing and flipping soup bowls, chanting, "Hey, hey, hey, hey!" One of the dogs pointed and cheered, shouting, "Hey, look! It's the Boston City Barkettes and Missy Clavs!" More cheers erupted as the poodle was then accompanied by a band of dogs and cats with more instrument-things and began to play them in a bouncing tune that shook the roof. The poodle sang into her device with the chorus of dogs, and a mad dance broke out within the floor. It didn't even seem real!
	One thing was for sure: I had to get out of here. The dogs had gathered into multiple united rings of dancing circles and spun around to the beat of the music. I tried to squeeze through one of them, but was pulled into it against my will and furiously spun me 'round with the group, locked together with them by our arms as we spun back and forth. One of the dogs then grabbed me and everyone broke into groups of two. We linked arms, and I found myself being spun around and then passed of to another dancer who was shouting, "a new daaaay!" with the poodle. I searched around for an opportunity to escape, and eventually set myself on breaking from the crowd and passing through the middle of the dancers to try and get towards the door. 
	As soon as the dancer next to me broke arms, I dashed for the center of the circle. Apparently, this must have been part of the dance, because 3 other dogs across from me did the same thing not a second after. Two of them twirled and clapped their paws, and the one across from me leapt into the air. I hunkered down and planned to dash past him, but instead I found a terrier on my back, who balanced on his front paws. "Keep still!" He hissed, and I instinctively obeyed, pausing in mid-run with my front-right paw and my left-back paw raised ever-so-slightly upwards. 
	I caught myself looking like a fool, and shook myself of the dog on my back and ran for the door, leaving behind the shouts and cheers behind me. The smoke of the room cleared away, and I found myself in clean air once again. I took a deep breath, and gasped, shaking off what just happened. 'Sheesh,' I thought. 'Those guys are nuts.' 
	Facing down the hallway, I checked to make sure that no one was down there, especially not that llama. I raised my nose to the air, sniffing for any trace of animals or otherwise nearby. 
	None. The coast was clear.
	I trotted cautiously down the hall, peering to my left and my right. The doors were all closed, but the smells of animals behind several of them was unmistakable and very fresh. I walked up to one at random and peered under the crack of the door. There were definitely feet, but I couldn't see anything else other than the fact that the feet were all gathered around in a circle, and there appeared to be what looked like the foot a table. 
	I walked over and checked under another door: same result. There seemed to be numerous meetings going on in all of these rooms. But why?
	I decided to walk further down the hall, which took a sharp jut to the right and led to a door. I walked around it carefully, and peered around the corner. A fresh gust of air blew into my face. Was it a draft of some sort? Or something more? 
	I snuck on the tips of my paws and crept around the corner and into the doorway. Suddenly, I heard a door swing open with a creak, and several feet patter out of it. I zipped around the door and hid on the other side of it, pressing my ear to the wall and listening as closely as I could. "Excellent working with you, Ms. Dimitri," a high, smooth voice declared. "I am very pleased about my impending trip for my family and I." I felt my fur curl as I heard the llama's shrill voice respond tartly. "Of course, Mr. Fido. Just be sure to have that money available for me when you arrive." She shuffled what sounded like some sheets of paper. "Are you sure you don't want to give it to me, now?" She asked. I smelt reluctance in the other animal. "I-it's not you, Ms. Dimitri. It's just that I've run into some folks like you that have conned me out of a ticket. I can't afford to let that happen again. My family starved for days!"
	The llama sniffed sympathetically. "Of course, Mr. Fido, of course. I understand completely! I shall have one of my subordinates pick up the payment from you on your day of departure. We'll be at the gathering spot." "Thanks again, Ms. Dimitri." I listened to the sounds of the dog's footsteps (or who I guessed was a dog) patter away and down the hall, and the llama stood motionless. With a haughty breath, she turned and clopped towards me and the door I was waiting in.
	My fur stood on end, and I hurriedly shot over towards the middle of the room as silently as I could. Okay, okay, okay, there was a table, a door, a bunch of boxes, a sheet, a curtain, a lamp-! 
	The llama stomped affirmatively into the room and glared into it suspiciously. I held my breath and did my best not to make a sound. The lights above me swung back and forth in the breeze. A smell of musty old wooden floors and and fresh blowing air mixed together with the dust that blew around the room. I heard the clops of the cynical hooves clicking close by of my hiding spot, and I squeezed my eyes shut. "Miles?" She said sharply. "Is that you? Is there someone in here?" She stomped around, glancing about the room in a circle. "I know you're hiding somewhere. I heard your clicking little paws run through here," she threatened. "Come out here. Show yourself!" 
	There wasn't an ounce of fear in this woman's voice as she barked out orders. I could tell she was used to being in command. Then, to my panic, She charged towards the curtained window and based it with her head, shielding the breaking glass with the thick velvet curtain that hung from the wall. With a sharp jerk of her head, she tore the curtain from the wall with a resounding, thrashing tearing sound. I was terrified. She was going to tear the room apart!
	Then, she turned towards the boxes on the other side of the room. She charged towards the headfirst yet again, knocking the table aside from her like it was a toy. I panicked and leapt to the right as her tall fur-style smashed into one of the boxes and sent the pile tumbling to the ground. She fiercely crushed the boxes, which spilled open with papers, papers, and more papers that spilled out all over the room. "COME OUT!" She shouted. Then, a gust of papers near the door caught her attention, and she immediately spun to face the door. "Was that the perpetrator fleeing, now?" She said triumphantly. "Serves them right. The average animal should know better than to snoop around back here.
	I breathed sharply and quietly as I could, and then I held my breath again. She was almost gone. I saw her turn away from the door and walk towards another. It was closed, like the others I had seen, and I wondered how she could open the door very easily. The llama walked towards the door and kicked a shelf to it's left with her back hoof. The shelf slid remarkably smoothly further to the left, and the door clicked open. She stepped on a floor panel, and the door swung open, pulled by a small wire connected to the top of it. The llama started to walk through it, and then she stopped. 
	I followed her eyes to where she was staring, and instantly I was petrified. There was my shadow, plain and simple against the wall. I saw her muscles tense up and she suddenly spun around and leapt into the air with a furious growl. Her teeth latched onto the bottom of the chandelier that I hung from, and I scrambled up onto the top of it. I winced as I felt something hit the top of my head, and to my horror, I saw the white bits of the ceiling begin to break apart and fall to the ground. My weight and that of the llama's was pulling the chandelier from it's hinged spot on the ceiling, and it was crumbling fast-! 
	With a fearsome crash, llama, chandelier, and beagle fell to the floor. I tumbled into the debris of the boxes and felt a sharp stab in my hindquarter as I rolled over a piece of board. I yipped from the bite, and once again scrambled to my feet. The chandelier had burnt out, now, and the room was eerily dark as I sped out of the room. 
	I had to get out of here. Luckily, I guessed that the llama would probably leave me alone again like she sort of began to do last time... 
	Then, to my horror, I saw her dash around the side of the corner with the chandelier stuck around her neck. Her eyes burned with a raging fury as she charged towards me. "YOU AGAIN!" She snarled, and my heart stopped as I spun around and leapt out of the way as she blazed past me. Then, I felt a metal ring latch around my leg, and I was suddenly torn off my feet and dragged into the air as the chandelier and the llama it was attached to sped down the hallway. I turned and caught a flash of the currents of animals behind me that the llama now was charging towards. 
	The wind was knocked out of me as I felt a sudden force launch me upwards and ricocheted me against the wall and into the current of animals. I winced when I slammed against a rooster and landed on the floor. I got up, flustered and terrified. "Oh, my gosh! I'm so sorry! Are you okay!?" I shouted to the rooster. I was met back with a sharp peck to the face by the angry rooster. "Dude!" It crowed angrily. "What was that for, huh!?" It ruffled it's feathers and flapped it's wings at me. "W-w-wait, I-!" I started to protest. "Oh, you wanna go!?" The rooster standoffishly bawled. "Come on!" 
	I turned as I sensed a cat that was thrown launch past me, and I jumped out the way just as the cat slammed into the rooster. I saw that the llama was now blindly launching more animals to the side as it charged down the hallway at me. 'What was she made of!?' I thought frantically. I turned and weaved through the crowd as best as I could, which was now fleeing and scattered about running the same direction I was. I looked behind me to check and see if I was losing her, but to my horror she was actually getting closer. Darn it, her legs were way longer than mine.
	In a sudden flash of inspiration, I turned and dashed into the room to my left, sliding past dinner guests and slipping under tables towards the stage. There had to be a backstage somewhere, right? Maybe it'd lead out of this joint! 
	Just as I leapt onto the stage, the llama crashed in, busting out the doorway with the chandelier around her neck. My ears pressed back against my head as a thousand curses ran through my mind, and I stood there in panic as the llama started flipping more tables. I heard numerous cries as people dodged out of the way, and one in particular suddenly became very, very deep. I looked over and saw Florence leap behind the counter and hide in fear as the llama burst towards me. 
	Something went through my mind as I saw the fear in her eyes. 'I've got to keep her safe!' I had to get this llama out of the room... But how? 
	The craziest idea gripped my mind, and without another choice, I leapt directly towards the llama and onto the chandelier. I felt the weight of the chandelier swing down forcefully and hit the ground, launching the unsuspecting llama onto her side and spinning her by her newfound enormous collar. She shrieked as she spun around, and I ran over and bayed, "Hey, you! Yeah, you, llama face! I'm over here! Come and try and get me!" I dashed out of the door just as she finally replaced herself on her feet and threw the chandelier off of her neck and into the wall. "Get back here!" She frothed. 
	With a skid, she leapt out of the room and threw her head back and forth, looking down the halls. "Where are you, you nasty little pup! I knew you weren't a mute! Get back here!" With a roar (I never knew a creature of her girth could roar) she charged down the hall and out of the building. "Wait 'till I get my hands on you, you little-!" Her voice disappeared into the night.
	I trotted back into the diner to inspect the damages. It was pretty bad: most of the tables were overturned or completely smashed, and there was a huge hole in the wall where the chandelier had crashed through it. Many of the glasses in the bar had been smashed, and the dogs that hadn't been knocked out by flying tables were rattled to say the least. Whatever had been letting out the incense smoke had apparently been extinguished, as well. The room smelled like a musty, waterlogged room. 
	Like wet dog, actually. Dee-licious!
	I ran over to where I had seen Flo before, checking behind the counter. To my surprise, it seemed like half of the diner was hiding back there. We both stared at each other for a second, none of us sure what to say. Then I awkwardly let out a cough, saying, "Um... Is Flo in there?" A voice inside of the heap of animals shouted a muffled "Yup! She's right here!" Another: "Over here!"
	"Under my foot!"
	"Pushing past under my stomach!"
	"She just bumped into my rump."
	"She's almost there!"
	And out stepped Florence, wonderfully tousled in her snow white mane. I shook myself. I could not allow myself to become romantic around her anymore. She looked at me with sad eyes, and I instantly felt ashamed. "H-hey, Flo..." I said sheepishly. "Hey," she replied with equal restraint. We sat there for a moment, unsure what to say. "Kiss her, man!" A chihuahua whispered. "N-no!" I replied quickly. "I-I mean, not that I wouldn't or anything, but-" Flo flickered a smile, and then covered her face with her paw. "Dude, just tell her how you feel!" Said another dog. "Not helping!" I hissed back.
	I pawed at the ground. "Uh, Flo? Can, we, um, find somewhere more private to talk?" Florence cocked her head to the side. "Sure," she said softly. "Let's go." She flicked her tail and glided out the door as I followed her. Another voice called out, "Just get on your knees, bro!" I crossed my neck with my paw in an effort to shut them up, and ran to catch up with Flo.
	The hallways were empty, now, as animals finally decided to clear themselves out from fear of the rampant llama. Florence and I turned and walked down the hall, neither of us sure to what to say. 'What should I say?' I wondered. I had been stupid. How I'd been acting was selfish and out of turn. Florence was being so sweet, and I went ahead and lied to try and get her to fall in love with me. She was far too sweet for me to be trying to do that. Heck, that should just have been a lesson to not try and actively fall in love with people when you had a wife. Ever. I had to man up! I had to admit my mistakes, and tell her how much of a jerk I was, and apologize. That was the right thing. I took a deep breath.
	"I'm sorry!" Florence suddenly burst out. I let out my breath in a gasp. "Huh!?" I replied. Shoot, did I just say that out loud? "You're right, Snoopy, I should have been more sensitive," she said with her ears down. "It was wrong of me to accidentally lead you on like that. It probably was even worse when you heard I've help out numerous other dogs like this."
	"What?" I said with surprise. "What are you talking about? You don't have to apologize! I should be the one to apologize. I was so mean to you, Flo, after everything you did for me and were doing. I overreacted. And I shouldn't have been trying to be romantic when I thought you were..." Florence laughed. "Oh, Snoopy! I really do like you, actually. You're so funny!" She grinned and looked down. "You're a good person, Snoopy. I was actually almost ready to defend you when you stormed off. I don't normally do that!" She winked at me. "Wha-?" I replied. Did she-?
	"Woah," Florence said, staring at the back part of the hallway with amazement. "I've never been back here before." 
	"You neither?" 
	"No, sir," Flo shook her head. "I never really had an opportunity to come back here. I'm always here on business." An impish grin spread across her face again. "I want to go check it out." I looked at her with disbelief. "You WHAT!?" 
	"Really! Aren't you curious?"
	"Well, yes, but that llama stomped the curiosity right out of me." 
	Florence gave a little yip of amazement. "You mean all that was because she was after you? For coming back here?" 
	"Yup."
	Now Flo looked really interested. "Wow... Now I really want to know what's back here." I scoffed. "Well, don't you?" Florence retaliated. "Don't tell me you're a little scaredy cat." My ears fell back. That was a low blow. "Now, hold on-!" I began to respond, but Florence just turned up her nose and trotted forward. She stopped and turned around. "Well, are you coming or not?" She said with an excited beam. 
	I sighed. "Fine, let's check it out."
