---
layout: writing
title: Beagles! - Chapter 7
categories:
- stories
- beagles
comments: true
---

	"Flo, do you see anything?" We were checking under the 6th closed and locked door in the hall. Flo's curiosity was remarkably thorough. She didn't want to leave a single stone unturned, and always seemed floored by what she found. "Just like before," she whispered back. "Animals standing around tables, but none of them are saying anything. Nothing but little scratching sounds. I'll bet you they're writing so that no one overhears them!" 
	"Writing?" I replied, cocking my head to the side with befuddlement. "Yes, writing!" Flo said. "Remember what we did in the dirt at my house? That's writing! Etching things that people can read later and understand what they mean." "Oh!" I replied. "Is that what those marks on all the papers in the back room are? The things the llama called 'records?'" Florence nodded her head. "Yup, that's writing. If you learn how to read, then you can look at those marks and understand what they mean. It's a great way for helping people remember things." She peered back under the table. "Or animals, in this case. I can't help but wonder how an animal can write. Or at least, how a dog like you or me could write. We don't have thumbs, like humans do." "Gosh Flo," I said back. "You're so smart." She looked back at me with a face of wry wit. "I hope that doesn't offend you!" She replied. Ouch.
	We passed by several more doors that Flo quickly glanced under, sniffing disappointedly as each one yielded the same results or were empty. Even worse, all the rooms that were empty were locked. "Darn it," Flo said with a huff. "I was hoping we'd actually find something of interest back here. So far all there seems to be is a bunch of feet and locked doors." She seemed crushed.
	"Hey, wait!" I told her. "What about the back room?" Her eyes lit up. "Back room?" She said excitedly. "There's a back room?" "Yeah," I replied. "That's where the llama found me and started chasing me from." Florence hit my side with her paw. "You dog! Why didn't you tell me before? And here I was getting my fur ruffled up over all of these people writing in tiny little rooms. There's a back room? Oh, please oh please show me!" I grinned. "Of course! Follow me!" 
	We came around the corner (which had now been smashed out from the chandelier) and entered the room. I sort of gasped. It was completely wreck. A drafty breeze came in from where there was a hole in the ceiling from where the chandelier fell. Papers littered the ground and pieces of box were scattered all over the place. 
	And speak of pieces of box, I suddenly became aware of a nagging pain in my side. "Flo?" I asked. "Is there something on my left flank?" Florence peered over and her mouth dropped. "Oh! Well, um, yes, there is..." 
	"What?"
	"It's not bad! Don't panic."
	"I wasn't panicking, at least not until you told me not to panic. Is there something wrong?" 
	"No, nothing, it's not bad at all!"
	"WHAT'S not bad at all-?" I suddenly yipped when a searing pain shot through my left flank as Flo apparently yanked something from it. "OW OW OW OW!" I cried. "What in the-!?" I saw that Flo had a large splinter the size of my snout and about half of it's width. "Wha-!? THAT was in my flank!" "Mmits mnot many more..." Florence mumbled. She spat out the piece of wood. "Huh?" "It's not there anymore, I said." Then, her attention turned towards one of the walls.
	I looked over and noticed the door. "Oh, that's right! That llama opened this door to go out there to do something," I said. Florence stared in wonder. "I wonder what could be in there..." She said. We looked at each other, and we grinned. Moments later, we were past the door.
	The room curved around in a winding hallway, swaying back and forth. I did my best to keep my balance and not get too dizzy from it, but the room progressively became more and more bizarre. Paintings covered the walls, and the hallways began to become uneven. I had to shut my eyes and shake my head a few times to get my bearings. "Are you alright?" Florence asked after I had done this a few times. "Y-yeah, fine!" I insisted. She wasn't convinced. "This place is a bit of a puzzle, isn't it? It seems like it's some sort of form of confusionary-" Bwhack! Flo ran into one of the walls. "Owch!" She exclaimed. 
	"Are YOU alright?" I asked her jokingly. She looked at me and gave me a condescending grin. "Har har," she replied. She shook her head. "What in the world is this?" She said with a grunt. I shrugged. "Some kind of confusion tactic, I'm guessing. Looks like it works!" Florence whacked me with her tail. "Ow!" "Focus, Snoopy," she growled. "Where do we go, next?"
	I walked up to the wall and peered down it with my face next to it. "It looks like..." I walked sideways with my face along the wall until it suddenly bent inwards and revealed a hallway. "Yup!" Florence stepped around the wall, and the painting suddenly gave way to a long hall. "It's a form of camouflage, called an illusion," I explained. "I heard my people talking about it one time." Florence looked impressed. "Well, well, Snoopy. You're not just an Idaho hick like I thought you were." She strolled past me down the hall. "Um..." I thought for a second. "Thanks?" I followed her down the hallway for a few moments before it hit me. "HEY!"
	The hallway rolled around and suddenly led to staircases that led up and down and around the house. "What a weird house," Flo said. "Why is this hall so long?" We crossed through more and more floors of walking before we finally came to a split. The hall forked out in 3 different directions. "Wow! This house is gigantic!" Flo gasped. "But... Which path do we take?" I thought a moment, and then I stuck my nose in the air and then on the ground. Was that-? Yes it was! 
	"Follow me, Flo!" I said, following my nose to the hallway on the right. It led past some lucid, remarkably strange paintings that seemed to contain some sort of integrated frightening meaning behind them. Then, the walls almost instantly became plain again. Looking behind her, Flo commented, saying, "What a weird place. O sort of glad we got out of there-" When a click suddenly echoed through the halls. We spun around and saw a rabbit push out a section of the wall like a door. 
	The rabbit sort of stopped and looked at us a moment. "Who are you?" He said with a highbrow, thick sort of accent that I had never heard before. "I've never seen you before..." "Um... We..." I started to say, when Flo bent down and whispered in my ear. "Run!" She hissed. "Wha- what?" I responded, but it was too late. Florence spun on her paws and suddenly broke into a sprint down the hall towards where we guessed the exit was. I quickly turned and ran after her as the rabbit shouted, "Wait! Stop right there!" 
	I trotted as fast as I could, by belly wiggling below me as I tried my best to catch up to Florence. She was far ahead of me: I could hear her footsteps up ahead, but she had gone beyond a curve in the hallway and I couldn't see her anymore. Or was that the footsteps of the rabbit? Was he chasing me? Darn it, what was I thinking? I can't outrun a rabbit-! 
	With a THWUMP I ran headlong into Florence and tumbled into a wall. "Oof!" I grumbled. Florence was examining the wall very closely. "It's a dead end, Snoopy!" She said desperately. "And now that they know we're here... What if they send someone after us?" "Don't panic," I said. "It must be like the painting that the rabbit opened up earlier. There's got to be a switch or knob somewhere..." I once again got the inkling to use my nose, and I sniffed for the llama's scent again. To my dismay, her scent ended right about where I stood. I searched for another scent, one that went up and touched the wall, and I discovered one that seemed to belong to another rabbit. The scent led right into a spot on the wall that, in accordance to the painting, looked like an outstretched hand. 
	"It's right here!" I said, pointing with my snout at the point on the painting. Florence looked at it. "Where?" She said. "Somewhere on or around this hand on this painting," I replied. "I think we have to push it or something." 
	My ears suddenly narrowed in on something far, far off down the hall that echoed to where we stood. "Someone's coming!" I barked. Florence clenched her teeth. "What!?" She cried. "But how do we get this open!?" "I don't know!" I replied frantically. "Quick, start pressing your paws on his hand, like you're grabbing it!" She put her paw out in the man's hand like she was shaking it. "Try shaking it," I said. She gave it a little wiggle to try and pretend to get it to work like that, but nothing happened. "Great. Now I feel like an idiot," she groaned. "Sorry." I blushed. 
	The footsteps got closer. "Now what!?" Florence was panicking, now. I almost wanted to just take it in: I had never really seen her panic before. "SNOOPY!" She barked. "Sorry, sorry, sorry!" I responded. "Um, I, er... Try the other paw!"
	She put her right paw in the painting's. That didn't work.
	"Try your snout!" 
	Nope.
	"Try your rump!"
	"Wha-?" 
	"Just try it!"
	Nope.
	"Try your ear! Maybe he's scratching it!"
	Nope.
	"Your head?" Florence bonked her head onto the hand.
	Nope.
	"Maybe-" The footsteps were nearing, and I saw shadows bouncing against the walls ever so faintly down the hall. "I don't know, Flo, I'm stumped!" Florence suddenly barked back, saying, "LOOK!" She pointed with her paw up towards what appeared to be a vent in the wall. "Up there!" I looked at her in disbelief. "How do you expect me to get up there?" I said irritably. "Um... Get on my back!" Florence said quickly. "O-okay!" She crouched down under the vent and I stuck my rump in the air, preparing to leap. "Ready?" I said. "Yes! Go, go, go!" She replied. "Okay," I said nervously. "On three. One-" 
	"THREE!" Florence shouted impatiently. I jumped forward instinctively at her request and leapt onto her back. "H-UGH!" She grunted, her voice dropping once again as she pushed with all of her might at the same moment that I jumped, launching me into the air. I reached my paws upwards and just barely scraped onto the grate, tearing it off as I fell to the ground with a thump and a yip. 
	"Oof..." I groaned. Now I know how Star had felt yesterday. "Are you alright?" Florence said quickly. 
	"Yeah, I think so-" 
	"Good! Get on my back again, I'm going to launch you up to the vent!"
	"Are you sure? You almost didn't make it last time!"
	"You're fat! I wasn't ready!" I stared at her for a second, my cheeks burning hot. "Er..." She said nervously. "Oops. I meant-" "Nevermind!" I said furiously. "Ready?" 
	"Yes!"
	"One, two... three!" I dashed for her back again and did my best to leap as hard as I could and land as softly as I could, pushing hard with my legs into a leap as she sprung upwards and launched me towards the open grate. This time I passed up slightly past the opening. As I began to fall back down, I grappled the ledge with my paws. I grunted heavily as I almost slipped off the edge. 'Good God, I am fat,' I thought to myself. I felt a nudge below me as Florence leapt up and bumped me upwards with the top of her head. "Go, go, go!" She hissed. "Get up there!" I scrambled up into the chamber at last, my heart thumping wildly. I watched as Florence took hold of the grate in her mouth and crouched down. With a second's hesitation, she launched herself as hard as she could up towards the opening, latching her paws onto the ledge. With a small yip, one of her paws almost didn't make it up, and I firmly planted my paws over hers. "Thanks!" She yipped nervously, as I helped pull her into the grated area. With one swift movement, she slapped the grate back onto the opening and we slid back away from the light. 
	We watched nervously from out of the grate as the band of animals approached the wall, the rabbit firmly leading. "Over here!" He shouted. The group searched around with carefully watching eyes, as one of them (the rabbit) remarked sharply, "Well, shoot! Where are they? I know I heard them." A deep-voiced St. Bernard replied with a lumbering, "Did they get through the door?" And one of the other animals audibly slapped him. "You dummy! They'd have to have a rabbit to be able to do that!" The obviously butt-hurt Bernard replied sheepishly, saying, "Oh, right." 
	A perky sounding creature (I guessed it might be a lizard) shot up an idea. "What if they had a rabbit with 'em? Like, someone they kidnapped or somethin'?" The rabbit scoffed. "It would have had to have been hidden," he replied gruffly. "I didn't see one with them when they were sneakin' through the halls." "Hidden? You mean, like in there?" My heart stopped as the other animal (apparently a fluffy white cat) pointed with an extended claw towards the grate. "Maybe they pre-planned this." The lizard spoke up again. "Or maybe THEY'RE in the grate!" He said peppily. "That's what I would do if I were trapped back here." 
	Oh shoot, oh shoot, oh shoot. They've found us! The rabbit stood with his arms crossed for a moment, and then snapped towards the the cat. "You. Can you go up and check? The lizard might actually be right." The cat sighed. "Do I have to be your personal lackey all the time? I'm starting to wonder if I'm doing all the work around here." The rabbit stomped his foot. "Don't argue with me, right now! You saw what Ms. Dimitri did to the restaurant, right? She's going to do this to every single one of us if we don't find these guys." The cat rolled her eyes. "Fine." She leapt up to the grate with a single bound and grappled her claws into the wall. I held my breath, ready to fight her off. We couldn't move, else we'd make too much noise and they'd know for sure that we were in here. But then-? 
	The cat began to look down into the grate when she turned around and looked at the rabbit. "Does Ms. Dimitri even know that they're back here?" "No, but she was chasing after somebody when she destroyed the diner. She'll probably do the same thing to us if anything goes missing out of here, or if anyone finds out what we're doing." The cat rolled her eyes and peered back around towards the grate. She stared right at me, and she started to hiss, but not before she looked over and saw Florence. Her face dropped with a sudden surprise and confusion. She turned and glanced behind her, and the turn and mouthed the word, "Flo?" Florence gave a toothy grin. "Hi, Shelana!" she mouthed back. 
	The cat turned back towards her companions and said, "I think I hear them back there. I'm going in to check it out." The rabbit nodded, and the cat tore off the grate and slipped into the vents. She and Flo grinned and hugged each other, giving a silent squeal. "Flo!" Shelana mouthed again. "What are you doing here?" Florence nodded toward me and mouthed back, almost in a quiet whisper. "We're exploring! We wanna see what's back here!" Shelana looked at Flo like she was crazy, and waved her hands back and forth in front of her, mouthing out, "No, no, no!" She pointed with an outstretch claw towards the crowd behind us. "Do you see these guys?" She barely hissed. "They want to club you and drag you out of here if they find out you're here! You've got to leave!" I didn't really catch all that she said, but I could tell by her gestures that she wanted us to leave.
	Florence shook her head. "No way!" She motioned back. "We're already here, and I wanna see what's back here!" Shelana put her paws up to argue, but instead she just threw them down and sighed. "Is everything all right up there, Shelly?" The St. Bernard replied. A snicker erupted from the grate, and I looked over in horror to see that it was Florence. "Flo!?" I barked as quietly as I could. She covered her paw in embarrassment. "Shelly?" She mouthed to the cat, who hissed under her breath and called out. "Y-yeah! These ceilings are really low, I just hit my head's all." 
	She whirled back to Flo and gave her a face that seemed to plead, but Florence gave a face that was indignant, one that seemed to stamp it's foot and say, "We're staying." The cat rolled her eyes and threw her paws in the air as high as she could, and then pointed at Flo, mouthing the words, "Fine. But you're on your own." She stared at me with an expectant face. "Watch her back," I saw her lip at me. I nodded nervously. The cat turned and kicked open the grate, beginning to climb out before she turned back and mouthed the words, "Be careful, Flo." She closed the grate and dropped out of view. 
	"Anything?" The rabbit said impatiently. "No, sir," Shelana said affirmatively. "It's all clear." The rabbit kicked the wall. "Then the only explanation is that they did kidnap another rabbit. In that case, you two go and chase after the two dogs," he said, assumedly pointing at two of the people in the room. "Pat and I will go ahead and find Ms. Dimitri." "Yes sir!" The cat and the lizard replied. I heared a sharp kick against the wall, and the wall made a deft creaking sound as I saw the edge of the wall pull away and open to reveal a passageway. "Come and find me in my office if you discover anything," the rabbit said. "Yes sir," the two said again.
	Flo and I waited with bated breath as the two groups split off and walked away and out of the room. I listened as hard as I could, making sure that there were no more people in the room before I crawled up to the opening of the grate to check with my eyes. Nothing.
	I finally let out a long gasp. I felt like I had lost both my nostrils, I had been holding my breath for so long. I turned to Flo and said, "The coast is clear!" Before she did the same. "I thought we were goners!" She said with a nervous giggle. "Phew!" I peered down the shaft we were sitting in. "Well," I said. "Should we, um, keeping going, then?"
